# Add Package Images Feature

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/add-package-images-feature

Opening : Good Morning /Afternoon/ Evening Welcome to Shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab / check registered no. Inform seller about :- You can upload the photos of your shipment right away or at the time of order processing. Simply, do it anytime or at any order stage from the View Shipments tab. You can Decrease weight discrepancies by uploading your package images right after you assign the shipment to a courier. Eliminate any chances for the disputes by sharing tangible proof of the shipments showing your package’s weight and dimensions. Save time and resources by avoiding weight discrepancies and utilizing your essential time in more relevant business operations. After you assign a courier for any shipment, you can add package images to your order in the “Ready to Ship” tab. Path to add package images from seller panel: Orders > Ready to ship tab > Add Packaging images > Upload 5 images of the package showing the weight and dimension of the same Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day. Nugget Ticket: Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Cutomer Support Call Center Agent Assign :- Pratibha Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Resolved Subject :- Package Query Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- Yes Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Other Sub Category :- Other Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA