# Bank Verification & Updation

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/bank-verification-updation

Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to Shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab Inform seller about following :- Scenario 1:- Updating bank account details for the 1st time. 1) You can verify your bank details instantly through "Penny Drop" facility 2) All you need to do is enter your bank account details like account number, account type, IFSC code, and a one rupee transaction will be credited to your account. That is all we need to verify your account details. 3) This feature is available for both web and mobile app users Path to update bank account details: Go to > Settings > Company > Accounting & Bank Details 4) Bank account details are required to transfer COD amount Note:- Through "Penny Drop" account verification can be done 3 times only but if the account verification gets failed in 3 times then seller will get option manual bank account verification Scenario 2:- If Bank account verification gets failed 3 times through "Penny Drop" 1) Below mentioned are the reasons because of which bank verification may have failed: Your account number and ‘re-enter account number’ fields must match. Make sure you select the correct account type as per your business. Enter the correct IFSC code. In case you are unable to remember your IFSC details, please use the IFSC lookup option in the panel. Your entered account number and IFSC must be the same as printed on the cancelled cheque. 2) If your bank account verification got failed through "Penny Drop" you can submit bank account details manually. Path to update bank account details: Go to > Settings > Company > Accounting & Bank Details Upload a clear photograph of your cancelled cheque. In case you’re uploading the image of your passbook, please upload a picture which clearly shows your bank stamp and your photograph. If your bank verification has failed because of the above reasons, we request you to submit your documents again. Our team will cross-check your details again and get back to you within 48 business hours. Note: Initial TAT for manual bank account details verification is 48 hours If the same is not verified within timeline then consultant needs to fill Bank & KYC tracker for bank details verification C onsultant needs to share TAT of 24 hours for bank verification and 24 working hours for bank details unfreeze. Even after filling the tracker if bank details are not verified within 24 hours then case will assign to Compliance Query and share the TAT of 1-2 working days. If the Seller is unable to update the bank details then case will assign to Compliance Query advisor will asked the screensh ot & bank details from the seller advisor will share the TAT of 1-2 working days for the resolution. If the Seller wants to update the bank details then case will assign to Compliance Query & share the TAT of 1-2 working days for the resolution. Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day. Nugget Ticket:- Ticket taggi ng for FCR Cases Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Call Center Agent Assign :- Own Name Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Resolved Subject :- Bank Related Query Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- Yes Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Other Sub Category :- General Query Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA Nugget Ticket:- Ticket taggi ng for NFCR Cases Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Compliance Query Agent Assign :- Ravi Jangra Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Awating Customer Response Subject :- Change Bank Details Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- NFCR Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- KYC Sub Category :- Bank account details-Verification Pending Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA