# Bank Unfreeze

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/bank-unfreeze

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Bank Unfreeze Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to Shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab Inform seller about following :- Scenario:- If the seller wants to change the bank details Advisor will ask the reason from the seller to change the bank Details. Advisor will inform to the seller that name on Kyc & Bank details should be Same. If the Seller shared the reason & name will be same on kyc & bank details then case will assign to Compliance Query & share the TAT of 1-2 working days for the resolution. Inform seller to wait for details unfreeze and after unfreeze same could be updated from the seller panel. Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day. Nugget Tagging Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Compliance Query Agent Assign :- Ravi Jangra Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Open Subject :- Change Bank Details Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- NFCR Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Cod Remittance Sub Category :- Change Bank Details Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA Report abuse Report abuse