# Brand Boost - Updated Version of Post Ship

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/brand-boost-updated-version-of-post-ship

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Back Updated Version of Post Ship:- Brand Boost Launch Date - 25th Jan 23 Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to Shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab / Click on Internal ICRM (Ask for AWB no. in shadow fax cases) Inform seller about the following :- Sir/Ma'am would like to inform you that s hiprocket has launch ed a new feature named as Brand Boost wherein we are offering a branded tracking experience to all the SR Sellers . This feature will help you in increase the brand awareness among buyers via shipricket platform. I would also like to inform you that the charges will be Rs. 2.99 + GST per Shipment .( GST exclusive i.e. 18% ) New Features available in brand boost :- Sir/ Ma'am you can use your Brand Logo under this feature We have provided Menu links option wherein you can display your brand details and contact details for easy access to buyers. Social media links option is also available in new feature wherein you have add the social platforms page links to promote the product/ brand. Instagram feed - Since Instagram is most trending platform to promote the product globally so SR has provided this option wherein the brand shoot pics and pages can be displayed with this new feature. Youtube - This new feature allows you to upload and display the product/brand videos available on youtube. Promotional banners - This new feature allows you to add the product banners / discount banners on the tracking page which will help in promotion. Custom URL - You may add the product URL for easy access. Product recommendations - If you wants to promote the most selling products then this new feature allows the sellers to recommend the products and similar products falls in category. Multiple themes - You will get an option to select multiple themes to present best appearance. I mproved tracking page helps you :- It will help in Reduc ing “ where is my order ” queries by 65% It will help in Reduc ing the support cost by 45% It will help in Increas ing the repeat purchases by 15% It will help in getting Better NPS by 2X (More Customer S atis fac tion) Note :- From June 2023, the brand boost billing logic has been changed from all delivered shipments to all delivered+ RTO delivered shipments. The brand boost charge for any AWB will get deducted from the wallet as soon as the shipment is marked as pickup scheduled, and billing/invoicing will happen for all the shipments that will reach to their terminal status including delivered, RTO delivered. There are cases wherein Brand Boost invoices have been generated and the seller is raising an escalation that they have not activated such services - Assign such cases or tickets to the Tech. Team to validate who has activated the brand boost services (Sample Invoice attached the this page - above) FAQ's How to activate free trial period - Login to seller panel >>Click on buyer experience >>Click Tracking page >>Click on Activate now To avail the features User the options as per requirements available in different Icons. How to deactivate this service if seller is not interested - If the service is activated then >>Login to seller panel >>Click on buyer experience >>Click Tracking page >>Click on If you wanted to deactivate click here >> Select reason and enter remarks >> Click on deactivate How will the seller receive the invoice? Sir/Ma'am, You will get the Invoice like the normal invoice( Brand Boost is a value added service so a VAS invoice will be generated, which will be shared on a monthly basis. ). How to check VAS activation and deactivation via ICRM: Login to seller panel >> Enter Comp ID or registered number>> Click on View Details>> Click on Tech Product. If Seller is a offline Seller how it will be beneficial? The service/ facility is majorly available for online users How many products can be displayed as Recommendation products ? You will get an option to add 3 recommendations and in each recommendation, you may add 8 products . How Seller will able to activate Brand Boost from SR application? This facility is not available in SR app How Seller will able to check Analytics dashboard? Under discussion Will seller get an option to select which photo will be visible if he/she sync Instagram or the latest post will be visible ? No, you won't get the option to select this, it will sync automatically Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day Report abuse Report abuse