# Buyer Desk SOP

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/live/buyer-desk-sop

Back Buyer Desk SOP FAQ What is the buyer helpline number? Ans – 9953853080 ( Mon-Sat 10AM-7PM ) . FAQ 1 . How to validate Buyer details? Ans – Validation options from Buyer:- 1. AWB number 2. Name (Buyer) 3. Mobile number In absence of above details advisor can ask for (any 2 from the list) 1. Product Name 2. Product Value 3. Email id 4. Address FAQ 2 . If buyer approach for Wrong/ Damaged/ Empty/ Partial product delivery complaint or call for the Refund related query/complaint? Ans- Advisor will give soft denial stating- I am extremely sorry for such experience however I would request you to please connect with the seller from whom you have bought this product. · Advisor will share the Seller email id from ICRM and do the FCR tagging) · Incase buyer denies connecting Seller and ask for the resolution from Shiprocket, advisor will raise NFCR as per BAU, ACR incase proofs not shared. **Note** Agent to ask reason why denied connecting with Seller - record reason CS to create NFCR and assign to End User Support - Vikas Bhatia with above reason mentioned FAQ 3. What needs to be done in case of buyer complaint about the poor product quality/ fraud? - Advisor – Sure Sir/Ma’am, I will try my best to provide you the solution, for further investigation I would require product image with visible AWB number or (unboxing video If available)O. I will be sending an email to you on your email id, kindly revert on the mail with required documents. Once the details are shared with us we will provide you the solution within 7 working days. **Note** - ACR remain active for 48hrs thus advisors will speak out the same and ACR mail will also carry the same disclaimer. (Advisor will raise an Open ACR to Channel – End User Support .Incase email is not available advisor will raise NFCR and ask for WhatsApp number and mention in nugget note for further communication from the investigation team) ( Investigation team will connect in within 48hr post receipt of the proofs ) - Incase Buyer has contacted Seller and have received update (ongoing conversation ) - I would request you to please take follow up from the Seller for further update. (Advisor will do FCR tagging- ( Channel “End User Support” assigned to Vikas Bhatia) - Incase Buyer has contacted Seller and not received any response – - Advisor – Sure Sir/Ma’am, I will try my best to provide you the solution, for further investigation I would require product image with visible AWB number or (unboxing video If available). I will be sending an email to you on your email id, kindly revert on the mail with required documents. Once the details are shared with us we will provide you the solution within 7 working days. (Advisor will raise an Open ACR, incase email is not available advisor will raise NFCR and ask for WhatsApp number and mention in nugget note for further communication from the investigation team)- ( Channel “End User Support” assigned to Vikas Bhatia) ( Investigation team will connect in within 48hr post receipt of the proofs ) FAQ 4 . What will be the resolution TAT ? Ans- 7 working days (including Saturday). FAQ 5 . Buyer approached CC after 72hrs of shipment delivery for poor quality or fraud? Ans- Soft denial is to be given on call- - I am extremely sorry for such experience however we are unable to take your request for the investigation as you have to report the matter within 72 hrs of the shipment delivery and current this time has crossed. I would request you to please connect with the seller from whom you have bought this product. Advisor will do FCR tagging. – ( Channel “End User Support” assigned to Vikas Bhatia). FAQ 6 . If Buyer approached CC for any shipment status query? [EA9] [PS10] Ans- Advisor to provide the updated status of the shipment from ICRM/ Advisor will do FCR tagging. – ( Channel “End User Support” assigned to Vikas Bhatia). FAQ 7 . If Buyer approached CC for any other then the shipment query? [EA11] [PS12] Ans- Advisor to provide the answer to the query as per the SOP Advisor will do FCR tagging. – ( Channel “End User Support” assigned to Vikas Bhatia). FAQ 7. What needs to be done in case buyer threats for social media ? Ans- Advisor will do NFCR tagging basis the complaint. – ( Channel “End User Support” assigned to Vikas Bhatia) and followed by e-mail to respective SPOC. FAQ 8. What needs to be done in case the buyer approached the seller within TAT and after a few responses seller stopped responding to the buyer and the buyer approached us after TAT? Ans- Advisor will ask for conversation details (Chat Snap shot or call recordings or email response) (Advisor will raise an Open ACR, incase email is not available advisor will raise NFCR and ask for WhatsApp number and mention in nugget note for further communication from the investigation team)- ( Channel “End User Support” assigned to Vikas Bhatia). FAQs: - Note:(In case courier partner connect us on buyer support) If we receive a complaint from courier partner directly or on buyer's behalf for the cases involving Wrong Product, Empty Shipment, Snatched Shipment, or FE Held By Customer , kindly assign them to Vikas Bhatia in the Fraud and Snatching Channel . FCR - No Status - Open Channel - Fraud & Snatching SPOC name buyer desk FAQs