# C2C - Click 2 Call

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/call-script/c2c-click-2-call

Back C2C - Click 2 Call Click to Call ( FCR Cases ) Agent must take Seller name referring to C2C window. Good morning /afternoon/evening, thank you for reaching out to Shiprocket, my name is ........... and I can see that you are checking regarding ( mention query, category or Sub-category) how I can assist you. NFCR C ases Good morning/afternoon/evening, welcome to shiprocket my name is ......... , I can see that you have raised a concern regarding ( mention case visible in Spark). I would like to inform you that.. ( reply with relevant information). Hold Script: May I place your call on hold for 60 seconds, so that i can give you better information?? Un-hold Script: Thank you for being on hold.! Thank you for being on hold, I am sorry to keep you wait for such a long time. (if hold exceeds more than sixty seconds). Further Assistance: Is there anything else service related i can help regarding Shiprocket? CSAT Script: If you are satisfied with the information provided to you from my end, then please share your valuable feedback with us on the email that will received by you in a while. Closing Scripts: Thank you for your time in shiprocket. Have a nice day ! --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Outbound:- ( Hindi) Click to Call ( FCR Cases ) Agent must take Seller name referring to C2C window. Good morning /afternoon/evening, thank you for reaching out to Shiprocket, my name is ........... and I can see that you are checking regarding ( mention query, category or Sub-category) how I can assist you. NFCR Cases Good morning/afternoon/evening, welcome to shiprocket my name is ......... , I can see that you have raised a concern regarding ( mention case visible in Spark). I would like to inform you that.. ( reply with relevant information). ACKNOWLEDGEMENT REQUIRED - Nishchit rheye , mei apki sahyta krne ki puri koshish krunga / krungi. Hold Script: Behtar jaankari ke liye kya mei apki call 60 seconds ke liye hold pr rkh skta/skti hu ? (system check ) Un-hold Script: Hold pr bane rhne ke liye dhanywaad ! Hold pr bane rhne ke liye dhanywaad ! lambe hold ke liye maafi chahunga (if hold exceeds more than sixty seconds). Further Assistance: Kya mei apki shiprocket ke regarding kuch or sahyta krskta hu ! CSAT Script: Agar aap meri di gyi jankari se santusht hei , toh kripya apna valuable feedback is call ke baad bheji gyi email pr deskte hei ! Google Review Script : Agar ap meri di gyi jankari se santusht hei , toh kripya apna valuable review humari shiprocket website pr deskte hei ! Link apko is call ke baad mail ke zareeye bhejdia jayega ! Closing Scripts: Shiprocket mei apna keemti samay dene ke liye apka dhanywaad ! Apka din shubh ho !