# COD remittance-Out of TAT

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/cod-remittance-out-of-tat

COD Remittance- Out of TAT Opening : Good Morning /Afternoon/ Evening Welcome to shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- ( Scenario COD amount query out of TAT) 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab / Click on Internal ICRM (Ask for AWB no. if unavailable) 2) Click on View details > Click on Shipment > Check delivered on date > Check remittance tab Following checks are to be done by the advisors and if details are not visible then ticket to be raised to " Client Support- Finance Desk" team. Checks are- 1. Wallet balance should be +ve (in all linked accounts) 2. COD should not be blocked for account and AWB no. 3. Check the remittance plan and calculate the expected remittance date 4. KYC/Bank details status 5. Standard remittance time is 8 days from the delivered date and it would be MWF days only and early COD remittance will be as per the plan on working days, excluding sunday & holiday. 3) Bank account verification & KYC verification 4 ) Check remittance plan & remitted date 5) Inform seller about :- Delivered date of shipment If the remittance is not credited and the TAT is crossed then the agent will follow the below speak - Sir/ Ma'am, as I can check the remittance has not been credited in your account and the timeline has been crossed. I really apologize for the inconvenience you have faced. I am escalating the same to the concerned department & I request you to wait for 1-2 working days for further updates. Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day Nugget Ticket Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Finance Desk Agent Assign :- Priya / Manisha Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Open Subject :- Remittance not Recieved Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- NFCR Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Cod Remittance Sub Category :- Remittance not Recieved Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA System Check :- ( Scenario COD amount Dispute) If seller contacted for the COD a mount dispute wherein Seller received partial remittance on secured postpaid account and there is no information on ICRM. If Seller complaints for partial remittance amount received or COD reversal then ,check COD remittance TAB in ICRM>Seller Info> comp id> COD tab> check COD reversal amount (if any) take CRF ID and check with us (Karuna or Abhishek for COD reversal AWB.