# COD to prepaid payment mode

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/cod-to-prepaid-payment-mode

Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to Shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab 2) Check shipment status Inform seller about :- You can now change the shipment's payment method while the shipment is under any status except under " out for delivery" & "Undelivered" . The payment mode can only be changed from "COD to prepaid" and not "prepaid to COD". Path to follow to change the payment method : Setting > COD to prepaid > enable changing payment mode Note - The change can be made for the COD shipments only. This will not be applicable for the shipments under status - " out for delivery " & " Undelivered ". Payment mode change is allowed only once and cannot be reverted. This feature is currently catered by " Ecom , Delhivery & Xpressbees" only. Path to change payment mode from seller panel: Login to shiprocket account > Orders > All Orders > Search order via AWB/order number number > Payment tab > Click on edit button > Change the payment mode Note: Post enabling the toggle under payment mode settings, you will receive notification for the same on panel, registered email id & registered phone number, also if you change the payment mode from COD to prepaid then no "COD charges" will be refunded to you. Option for Change in MOP (COD- Prepaid) is live on ICRM, MOP change requests are to be assigned to FOPS - Ai Nawaz or Apurba Gorai Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day. Nugget Ticket :- Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- FOPS Agent Assign :- NA Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- OPEN Subject :- Change in mode of Payment Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- NFCR Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Shipment Delivery Delay Sub Category :- Change in mode of Payment Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA