# Delivery Boost

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/live/delivery-boost

Back Delivery Boost launch Date of Delivery Boost - 22-Feb-2023 - Free trial period has been ended for existing sellers (Existing sellers means who have created the account before 22nd Feb'23) Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab / Click on Internal ICRM (Ask for AWB no. in shadowfax cases) Inform seller about :- Delivery Boost is a smart technology feature (Artificial Intelligence) which helps you to communicate with the buyer for order delivery confirmation. It automatically initiates the delivery failure message to the buyers and ask for the confirmation to ‘reattempt for delivery’. Note - Shipments that get delivered on ‘reattempt request’ are considered as a Delivery Boost shipment. BPR (Buyer Positive response) shipments are only going to be considered in delivery boost. Important Info- 1. Delivery boost is free for Sellers who have Joined SR after 22nd Feb. 2. The actual trial will only start after 20 BPR (Buyer Positive Responses), before that the seller will be in an endless trial and Shiprocket will not send any communication/ Notification related to Delivery BOOST. 3. In case the free trial period has ended then the Seller will not be able to avail of free service again. - we can see the activation status in the NDR tab. Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day Note: How to check VAS activation and deactivation via ICRM: Login to seller panel >> Enter Comp ID or registered number>> Click on View Details>> Click on Tech Product. Benefits Activation & Deactivation Charges & Invoicing Demo FAQs