# Drone Delivery

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/drone-delivery

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Drone Delivery FAQ 1. What is a drone delivery service? A drone delivery service is a type of logistics and transportation service that uses unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), commonly known as drones, to deliver goods and packages to customers. These services are typically operated by companies, and they offer a novel and more efficient way of delivering items to customers' doorsteps or designated delivery locations. FAQ 2. How It is beneficial for me as a Seller ? Via drone delivery service you will be able to achieve faster & same day delivery Moreover, your buyers will have a WOW Experience. FAQ 3. Is this applicable to all the tiers/plan users? This is for NAM Bronze and above tiers FAQ 4. How to activate the drone delivery service? Request needs to be share with Manohar & team for activation. FAQ 5. What will be the freight charges? Minimum charges is 90Rs of .5kg, rest new charges will be released soon. FAQ 6. Who will be the SPOC for pickup & delivery-related issue? For queries and issues :-SPOC are :- manohar.paraliya@shiprocket.com, dinesh.kumar1@shiprocket.com,gupta.prateek@shiperocket.com FAQ 7. List /names of serviceable PIN codes. FM activated Pincodes:122003,122001- depends ADL, we will forward the request to the team ,no commitments Fully available for GGN warehouses pincodes- 122506, 122503 LM Activated Pincodes: 122012 122001 122017 122006 122005 122011 122003 122002 122022 122009 122018 122004 FAQ 8. Is the service available for COD shipments as well? If yes, then what will be the remittance process? COD is not live currently soon we will have this MOP, FAQ 9. Minimum and maximum weight limit. (if any) Max weight is 2kg that can be shipped FAQ 10. What will be the Cut-off time for pickup and estimated delivery date and time ? Cut off time is 8am-9am and pickup will be done between 9am to 11am.Delivery attempt will be made for same day between 2pm to 7pm . Attempts and NDR process will remain same as per the current SOP. OTP based delivery is not available right now. Future pickup option is not available FAQ 11. Is this applicable on Desktop and mobile apps both? Its available on desktop and App both FAQ 12. Types of goods that can be shipped or prohibited. Goods tagged under “dangerous good” are prohibited. FAQ 13. Is there any Shipment value limit ? Shipment value should be less than Rs. 10,000 FAQ 14. Available courier names for drone delivery Currently we are shipping thru “SKYEAIR” Courier and have done 1200+ shipments FAQ 15. How an agent can check the type of shipment (drone or normal ) on ICRM? There is no separate tag for shipments going through this medium however with the same assigned courier nae same can be identified. FAQ 16. tracking update is visible or not ? Yes,tracking is available FAQ 17. What will be the process for delivery disputes (wrong/Damaged/partial) Dispute will be managed as per shiprocket SOP Report abuse Report abuse