# Early COD Plan downgrade

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/early-cod-plan-downgrade

Back Early COD Downgrade Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to Shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 2) Check the Early COD plan (D2, D3,D4) and plan activation date in ICRM. 3) Path to check plan details from ICRM: Internal CRM > Seller Info > View details > COD Tab > Check Remittance Plan Or ( If the seller shares the awb #) Internal CRM > Shipment details > Search AWB > View details > Remittance Tab > Remittance Plan 4) Check if the seller contacted within 30 Days/After 30 days from the date of plan activation Inform seller about :- Seller contacted within 30 days I would like to inform you that in order to downgrade the plan you have to wait for minimum 30 days from the date of plan activation. As I have checked 30 days have not been completed, so I request you to wait. Once 30 days will be completed then you will be able to deactivate the early COD plan from your shiprocket account. Path- Seller panel>>Billing>>Shipping charges>>Early COD >>deactivate Nugget Ticket (Downgrade within 30 days) Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Call Center Agent Assign :- Own Name Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Resolved Subject :- Early Cod Process Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- Yes Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Cod Remittance Sub Category :- Early Cod Process Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA Seller contacted after 30 days Sir/Ma'am, As I have checked that you activated the early COD plan on (Date of activation) and 30 days are now completed. Now, you can deactivate the early COD plan from your shiprocket account. Path- Seller panel>>Billng>>Shipping charges>>Early COD >>deactivate Note- If seller is not able to downgrade/deactivate the plan from seller panel even after clicking on notification pop up then ask the seller to share screenshot of the panel and assign the ticket to Tech-Support. Also send an ACR mail asking for the screenshot. Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day. Nugget Ticket (Downgrade after 30 days but unable to downgrade) Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Finance Desk Agent Assign :- Priya / Manisha Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Open Subject :- Early Cod Activation Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- NFCR Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Cod Remittance Sub Category :- Early Cod Process Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA