# EWAY Bill number

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/eway-bill-number

Opening : Good Morning /Afternoon/ Evening Welcome to Shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab / check registered no. Eway Bill Generation:- Eway Bill will be generated from GST website ( for shipment values more than Rs. 50,000 ) with the help of Transporter ID of assigned courier partner. Inform seller about :- You can upload an Eway Bill after assigning courier for your orders. You can now upload the Eway Bill at the time of pickup generation : Generate Pickup Popup At the time of pickup generation, we will ask you to upload an Eway bill for your order. Here are the details you need to upload the Eway Bill: Eway Bill number Eway Bill (PDF format) Eway Bill invoice Next, click on the 'Eway Bill' button to proceed. You can then go ahead and generate a pickup for your order. Ready to Ship Screen Search for your order and scroll towards your right to find the 'Upload Eway Bill' button. Click on it to add the required details to upload your Eway Bill. Once done, you can generate a pickup for your order. Order Details Screen Click on the order ID to see complete details of your order. Here you’ll find an 'Upload Eway bill' button at the top half of your screen. Click on it to upload your E way bill and generate your order pickup. With this, we have also added the functionality of uploading Eway Bill for your RTO shipments : Uploading an Eway Bill for your RTO shipment is mandatory if the order value is more than Rs. 50000. Steps to be followed: Go to 'Shipments' from your left-menu and select RTO. Check shipping details of your RTO order to find the 'Upload Eway Bill' button. Click on it to upload a new Eway bill for your shipment. E-way Bill Validity is 7 days If you want to update existing Eway Bill : Here are the following steps to update your already uploaded Eway Bill: Click on the order ID to see complete details of your order. Click on the 'Eway Bill' button to update your details. A pop up will open where you need to update your Eway Bill details. Once finalized, click on Upload Eway Bill button to proceed. Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day. Nugget Ticket: Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Call Center Agent Assign :- Own Name Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Resolved Subject :- EWAY Bill Related Query Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- Yes Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Other Sub Category :- Other Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA Description :-