# India Post

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/live/india-post

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Back India Post Secure Policy Shiprocket is now working with India post to provide better serviceability and services. India Post is now live for all pin-codes created by India Post. Currently India Post is providing two modes of shipping:- Speed Post (Air mode) - Upto 2Kg (maximum weight will be 2kg) Business Parcel (Surface mode) - Above 2kg, maximum weight limit not defined (minimum shipment weight will be 2kg) India Post Information Deck Serviceability – o India post covers 19k+ pincodes across the country o India post doesn’t disable pincodes like other courier partners RTO Charges – o India post doesn’t apply RTO charges against shipments Claim Liability India post Claim liability for non-secured shipments is as follows - o Speed Post - Double the Speed Post charges or INR 1000 whichever is less o Business Parcel - Rs 500 or the actual value of the parcel or the content lost, whichever is less Shipment Lifecycle o 60 days from the date of Pickup o 80% Shipments get closed within 60 days and 95% Shipments get closed within 90 days. o If shipments are not closed within 90 days of Pick up, Can be declared as lost and claim will be settled as per standard liability clause NDR SOPs o NDR workflow doesn’t exist for India post currently. Dispute Handling o Any dispute should be raised with Shiprocket within 2 days of event occurrence. o Dispute closure timeline is 60 days from the date of escalation OTP Delivery/OTP refusal o This functionality is currently not available with India Post RTO NDR Shipments o If shipments are refused by sellers during RTO delivery, Shipments will be disposed off Status update o India post shipments status get updated using FTP files and there could be some lag in updating status of few shipments SLA Commitments o Following are the TATs shared by India post § Speed Post - Zone A – 2 days, Zone B – 4 days, Zone C – 3 days, Zone D – 5 days, Zone E – 5 days (TAT is given excluding Sundays and National Holidays) § Business Parcel – Zone A – 3 days, Zone B – 6 days, Zone C – 5 days, Zone D- 7 days, Zone E – 7 days (TAT is given excluding Sundays and National Holidays) Pick up o Pick up schedule cut off time for arranging same day pick up is 10:00 hrs o In some cases, the status of the shipment as picked gets updated in 24-48 hours Benefits:- Reachable to 19k+ pin-codes. No need to be in a queue - Now you do not need to be in lines to drop your shipment for shipping, as doorstep services will be available. No RTO with ODA reason - As India post is providing services in more than 19 thousand pin-codes so no shipment will be RTO . Comparatively cheaper rates will be provided. Volume doesn't matter ( there is no limit of shipment / parcel count). No RTO charges will be applicable With India Post "COD" option is available with the "Cash" payment mode only Activation:- You will not be able to activate India Post from seller panel as the activation will be done from team end only. If you want then, I can raise a request to team for activation of India post services. I will also require few of your details for activation - Company ID, Pickup address and pickup pin-code. Once, I will raise request to team for activation then it will take 24hrs for service activation. For internal purpose only:- Activation request needs to be raised to Ravi Kumar/Pradeep Mourya via email with required details- Company ID, Pickup address and pickup pin-code(Ticket id n eeds to be shared with TLs for activation ) . Pickup Timings:- I want to inform you that India post cut off time is 10:00AM ( if shipment is created before 10:00AM then pickup will be attempted same day otherwise will be attempt next day for pickup ). Pickup time - 11AM to 7PM( shipments pickup will be attempted between 11AM-7PM ). LOST Scenario * Speed Post - Rs 1000/- or double freight whichever is lower will be refunded * Business Parcel - Rs 500/- or double freight whichever is lower will be refunded * Secure option not available right now 6. LOPS cases are to be assigned to Ravi Kumar in Nugget . Courier added on Nugget as : We are making changes in the Shiprocket seller agreement withrespect to India post claim liability. Changes will be effective from 27th Feb 2024. India post claim liability will be as follows. This is in line with India post standard operating procedure. "Speed Post - Double the Speed Post freight charges or INR 1000 whichever is less, in case the shipment was damage, lost & theft during the journey Business Parcel - Rs 500 or the actual value of the parcel or the content lost, whichever is less in case the shipment was damage, lost & theft during the journey" In addition to the information shared few more important things to know - SR secure will be enabled by default for all India post Shipments. Sellers may choose to opt out Sr secure if required. Sellers will get an option to secure any order value starting Rs 1 for India post shipments India post COD option activation ( For internal communication ) :- Advisor will explain about COD amount credit process and send ACR to seller for consent and assign ticket to Ravi Kumar " Activation TAT 1 working day post response is received from the seller Below canned response is available on Nugget with "India Post COD account activation template". " header in " General " Folder. under the folder name "General" with template name Email Template: Dear Seller, We are delighted to inform you that you are our privileged Merchant on Shiprocket Platform. We appreciate the relationship we have built and as a token of this relationship, we are happy to inform you that we have made certain changes/amendments in the Online Terms & Conditions of the Shiprocket Platform and Logistics Management Solution (as provided at https://www.shiprocket.in/privacy-policy/ ) and Last Mile Logistics Merchant Agreement. The clause 3.7 of Annexure – A and clause I(iv) of Annexure – 1 of online Terms & Conditions and Last Mile Logistics Merchant Agreement is hereby revised/modified to the extent of availing India Post services for COD orders and will be applicable on your case after you acknowledge this email and agree to the terms mentioned in this email. “Exception to the above-mentioned clauses in case the Merchant opts for India Post services for COD orders, the COD remittance will only be processed once India Post remits the COD amount to Shiprocket. Please note that there is no fixed timeline for this transaction, as the same is subject to India Post’s remittance/processing schedule. In the due course you shall receive update in this regard on your Dashboard In case you do not wish to take India Post Services for COD orders then the default clause will be applicable to you which is read as follows: Save as otherwise agreed by the Parties, remittance of the COD amounts to the User shall be done within 8 (eight) days from the delivery date of the concerned shipment, subject to the remittance cycle being followed by Shiprocket, which at-present is remittance on three days (Monday, Wednesday & Friday) in a week”. It’s been great partnering with you and being able to build our business relationship. Thank you, and we look forward to working with you more over the years. *Kindly note your acknowledgement to this mail is mandatory to avail India Post services for COD orders* Kind Regards, Shiprocket Team If seller asks about the rate card or weight related pricing for India Post, then guide seller as per details mentioned below(Zone wise): Zone A- Within City Zone B- Within State Zone C - Metro to Metro Zone D- Rest of India , except North east and J&K Zone E - North east and J&K If seller asks for rate card on email then advisor will share rate card on email of seller. India Post Biller IDs: Business Parcel :- 0000054029 ( Awb starts from FH) Speed Post :- 0000054030 (For rest Awb numbers ) To Deactivate : Step 1 Step 2: (After selecting "click here") from the circled box, choose reason Tagging Seller User :- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- LOPS Delivery Channel Email :- NA Agent Assign :- Ravi Kumar Ticket Priority :- NA Subject :- Courier activation Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- NFCR Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Other Sub Category :- Courier activation Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA Ticket For FCR tagging Seller User :- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Call Center Channel Email :- NA Agent Assign :- OWN Ticket Priority :- NA Subject :- Courier activation Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- YES Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Other Sub Category :- Courier activation Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA Report abuse Report abuse