# Ledger

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/live/ledger

Ledger Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab / Click on Internal ICRM and check whether the person is registered with SR with contact no. available on spark. 2) Check whether KYC is Verified or not. P itch :- Surely, I will help you regarding the Legder request and please confirm the duration for which ledger is required. Please confirm that you want Ledger in Excel or PDF format to be shared. I am raising a request to my team for Ledger to be shared with you on email and will request you to please wait for 1-2 working days for the update. If seller request for the ledger then while raising a ledger request for Seller ensure to ask for the time period for which ledger is required. Confirm Company ID and same will update in Ticket id. Pro actively inform that we can share the Ledger gets available on 20th of every month for previous month and such cases can be as FCR . Incase seller requesting for older than previous month then cases are to be assigned to finance desk. Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day Nugget Ticket- (NFCR) Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Finance Desk Agent Assign :- Priya / Manisha Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Open Subject :- Ledger Required Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- NFCR Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Taxation Sub Category :- Ledger Required Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA