# Multi Packet Shipment

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/multi-packet-shipment

Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to Shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? Multi Packet Shipment - I would like to inform you that:- Multi-Packet is basically used for multiple shipments to on e location( for same recipient) . It is not Plan Restricted . We will provide you absolutely free virtual training of multi packet shipment You can attend the training on Tuesday or Friday (3: 00 PM ) Note - This 1hour training is specifically for MPS and not regular Panel Training. You will be notified regarding training sessions aligned via email . Confirmation of MPS Approval will take 48 working hours post your training. This feature will only work while creating manual orders and will not work for the orders which are fetched under channel integration About Shipping Multi Packet Shipment:- Courier partners will have the information on the basis of Master AWB No. There will be a Master AWB No. generated for tracking and billing purposes. Manifest and Invoice will have Master AWB NO. mentioned on it, however, package count will be written on top. But Label will have Child AWB No. so that can be pasted on multiple shipments. Pickup will be scheduled for next day, cut off time does not apply for these couriers Max package count - 20 1 Master AWB and rest 19 child boxes (total 20 boxes) Max weight - 1000 kg Courier- Delhivery Tracking will be done through Master AWB number. Child AWB numbers will be generated as per the number of boxes (attached are the MPS labels for your reference) . Example if the seller ships 3 boxes, 3 labels will be generated. 1 label would have Master AWB and the rest will have Child + Master AWB We have changed the MPS training scheduling program. Key updates are as follows: Agents must use the new form at https://calendly.com/d/cs9c-7kk-m2s (the existing MPS form will be discontinued) now no need to schedule the training from ICRM. After filling the form, training slots will appear for agents to register MPS training on behalf of sellers; agents should then inform available slots and timing to the sellers. Training links and all related communications will be sent directly to sellers via email. Upon successful completion of the training by the seller, the MPS activation request will be raised by the trainer to LOPS. (Steps for advisor for schedule the MPS training) Step 1 = Click on the link https://calendly.com/d/cs9c-7kk-m2s Step 2 = Select date & time to schedule the training Step 3 = Select the date & time to schedule the training Step 4 = Click on the next page Step 5 = Fill the Required details & click on the Schedule Event option to schedule the training. (For Email) Further, if the seller reaches out for MPS activation, kindly request the below-mentioned details required to fill the Google Form.Once requested, assign the ticket to ACR. After receiving the complete details from the seller, fill in the form accordingly. Template (Dear Seller, Greetings from Shiprocket! This communication is regarding your request for MPS (Multi-Packet Shipment) activation. To proceed with the activation, we request you to kindly share the following details: -Company ID: -Type of products you are selling: -Minimum 10 kg applicable weight requirement for MPS – Agreed? [Yes/No] -‘Delhivery’ is the only courier available for MPS – Agreed? [Yes/No] -MPS is applicable only for custom orders – Agreed? [Yes/No] To help us resolve your concern at the earliest, please share the above details within 48 hours on the same ticket. Note: If we do not receive a response within the specified timeline, the ticket will be closed automatically, and we will not be able to proceed further with the request. Thank you for choosing Shiprocket. We appreciate your patience. Regards, Team Shiprocket www.shiprocket.in ) Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day Nugget Ticket: Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Call Center Agent Assign :- Own Name Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Resolved Subject :- Training Required of MPS Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- Yes Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Other Sub Category :- Training Required Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA