# NDR Verification for RTO Shipment

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/ndr-verification-for-rto-shipment

Back NDR Verification Opening : Good Morning /Afternoon/ Evening Welcome to Shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab / Click on Internal ICRM . 2) The agent need to check the shipment status first. 3) The agent will check if the NDR was sent to the seller and that the NDR action was taken by seller. 4) Inform seller about :- I would like to inform you that we are forwarding your concern to our team and will verify the attempt from your buyer. Please allow us time of 1-2 days to get back to you on this. Note: Agent will not raise any ticket for NDR verification wherein the issue is pending more tha n 10 days. NDR verification cases to be assigned to NDR verification team with tag RTO(NDR verification) which is mandatory. Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day Nugget Ticket Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- NDR Verification Agent Assign :- Lakshita / Shilpa Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Open Subject :- Delivery attempt verification Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- NFCR Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Lops NDR & RTO Sub Category :- Fake attempts done Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA