# New Training Program

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/new-training-program

New Training Program We are excited to announce that we are launching a new Seller Training program named as “Paathshala”. There is changes in the training registration process New Seller Training Sign Up Mechanism T raining #1 - Getting Started with Shiprocket - this training is designed for the New Signups & First Time Sellers ( https://tinyurl.com/3v86u29v ) This training will help sellers to set up their · Shiprocket account · KYC · Assist in the completing their 1st Shipment Training schedule: · Daily- Twice a day · Duration- 30 min each Training #2 - Mastering Daily Operations – 1 ( https://tinyurl.com/3v86u29v ) · This is training is design for the sellers who have completed Training-1 Or · Who are already shipping with us with 30+ shipments Or · High potential sellers. This training will help seller to learn about · Pickup process · NDR/RTO processes · Weight related processes. Training schedule: · Daily- Once in a day · Duration- 60 min Training #3 - Mastering Daily Operations – 2 ( https://tinyurl.com/3v86u29v ) · This training is for the Sellers who have completed Training-2 Or · Have done 30+ shipments Under this training seller will learn about the about · Return orders · Hyperlocal · Split shipments . Other Shiprocket Products Training schedule: Daily- Once in a Week Duration- 60 min Important Note: Enrolment from the ICRM link for new Seller Training will be no longer be active. Advisors can now block slots for all 3 trainings - starting with Training 1, at their convenience, and learn at their own pace Steps for the advisor to schedule the training Step 1 = Click on the Training Link - https://tinyurl.com/3v86u29v Step 2 = Select the training Step 3 = Select Date & time to schedule the training Step 4 = Click on the next page Step 5 = Fill the required details and click on the schedule event option. All trainings will be led by Devendra virtually, with live interactions and FAQs. This modular approach treats sellers on the basis of business maturity. Training 1 covers the basics of shipping and account setup for FTS. For regular sellers and with potential to scale - Training 2 and 3 will cover the nuances of shipping to provide a smooth experience in their shipping journey. 2. New Training Sign Up Mechanism ICRM link for new Seller Training enrollment will no longer be active . Advisors need to block the slot for the Seller Trainings via this link- https://tinyurl.com/3v86u29v Advisors can now block slots for all 3 trainings - starting with Training 1 , at their convenience, and learn at their own pace .