# Non Pickup Response Response (NPR)

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/non-pickup-response-response-npr

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Non Pickup Response Response (NPR) Scenario 1:- Seller called to know the NPR. Opening:- Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to Shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? Assurance:- I will surely help you regarding NPR feature. Information :- Sir/Ma'am , I would like to inform you that NPR is a feature that helps you to take action via What's app /IVR/SMS/Email once the pickup of your shipment gets failed due to any reason. You will be having 3 options in NPR once the shipment pickup gets failed :- Re-attempt Escalation (with escalation reason) Cancel Pickup Attempt (Order will not get cancelled) Proactive Information :- At the moment NPR is raised by courier you will be notified at the same time via What's app and Email. If no response is received via What's app or Email then you will receive an IVR call post 60 minutes. If no response is received on the IVR Call, What's app reminder will be sent 30 min post IVR call. If no response is received on What's app reminder, 2nd IVR Call will be triggered post 60 min of What's app reminder. If no response is received on the 2nd IVR call, data will be sent to the call center after 30 min. ( Not activated -In progress) Further Assistance:- Is there anything else, I can assist regarding shiprocket. Closing :- Thank you for calling in shiprocket have a nice day. Report abuse Report abuse