# Order Verification

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/order-verification

Order Verification Order verification is a shipment setting that allows you to verify COD and Prepaid orders before shipping them. You should enable it for your account if; - You want to have better control over your RTOs - You are using Shiprocket Fulfillment and want to verify your orders before moving them to the warehouse. Note: This setting is available for all Shiprocket plans. Key Features: This feature help for order verification for both COD and Prepaid orders. You will be directly able to connect with buyers for order verification via option available on your seller panel before order shipping. After choosing calling option an manual call will be placed to buyer within business hours for the order verification before Order shipping. Order verification before shipping would help to reduce RTO chances from buyer end. How to enable Order Verification setting? 1. Log in to your Shiprocket account and go to Settings -> Additional Settings-> Shipment Features. 2. Under Shipment Features, you'll find the "Order Verification" button. 3. Now, simply turn the toggle on to enable COD and Prepaid Order verification. Here's how you can verify your orders: 1) From the left menu, select Orders. This will bring you to the New tab, where you can view all of your pending/new orders. 3. Now, simply turn the toggle on to enable COD and Prepaid Order verification. Here's how you can verify your orders: 1) From the left menu, select Orders. This will bring you to the New tab, where you can view all of your pending/new orders. 2) For Single Order: a) Go to the more (...) icon, which is located right next to the Ship Now button, and click on it. b) Click on the Mark as Verified button to verify your order for shipping. c) Once verified, a Verified tag will be applied to your order. This will help you identify all verified orders that are eligible for shipping. 3) For Bulk Orders: a) Select all orders that you would like to verify. Next, click on the Bulk Actions button. b) Click on Verify Orders button to verify all selected orders. c) Once verified, a Verified tag will be applied to your order. This will help you identify all verified orders that are eligible for shipping. Place a call from the panel: Step 1: Go to orders option and select particular order, then click on call buyer option. Step 2: Enter the buyer contact detail for verification and click on initiate call to buyer.