# Order Cancellation

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/order-cancellation

Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab / Click on Internal ICRM > Click on shipment details > Paste >SR tracking 2) Check the status of Shipment & accordingly proceed for information Inform seller about following :- You can cancel your order or shipment from the Shiprocket panel it's in any of the below statuses: - AWB Assignment - Pickup Scheduled - Pickup Error - Pickup Exception - Label Generated - Pick up Generated - Pickup Rescheduled Path :- Login on seller panel > Place cursor on order tab > Click on process orders > Click on tab where the order is ( Processing, Ready to ship & Manifest) Click on order ID > Click on Cancel You will get following Pop-up in next page Processing - Cancel Order Ready to Ship - Cancel order & Cancel Shipment Manifest - Cancel order & Cancel Shipment Note :- In out for pickup you will not get cancel option to cancel order. Order Cancellation: If you cancel an order, the same will be cancelled with in 3-4 days & your amount will be refunded to your Shiprocket wallet automatically . Shipment Cancellation: If you cancel a shipment, the refund will be processed within 24 working hours with shipping cancellation. If seller wanted to cancel the shipment from contact center center end :- We have enabled the pickup cancel option in ICRM, below is the process which will only work on SSO logins. Only proceed if the seller cannot cancel or refuses reassignment. Check if shipment status is one of: AWB Assignment, Pickup Scheduled, Pickup Error, Pickup Exception, Label Generated, Pickup Generated, Pickup Rescheduled. On clicking the "Cancel Pickup" button in ICRM under the Shipment TAB, the advisor must select the cancellation reason from the dropdown. Inform the seller that cancellation and refund will be processed within 2-3 hours, and refund appears in Shiprocket wallet. If cancellation requested status persists >3 days with no refund, click the "Freight Refund" button in ICRM. Inform seller refund will be reflected in 2-3 hours. 2. Order Cancellation action plan to reduce error: 1. If status is cancellation requested and if the seller confirmed that the cancellation date is less than 3 days then inform the seller to wait for 3-4 days from the cancellation requested date. If seller is unable to share the date then assign to pickup group and mention in private note that "Seller is unable to share the cancellation requested date hence assigning to pickup group. If the seller confirms that cancellation is greater than 4 days then mention the same in a private note and assign to the pickup group/channel. Tagging: SR Issue Category: Shipment Pickup Sub Category: Order cancellation requested FCR: Yes Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day. FCR Nugget Ticket:- Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Call Center Agent Assign :- Own Name Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Resolved Subject :- Order Cancellation Request Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- Yes Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Shipment Pickup Sub Category :- Order Cancellation Request Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA