# Partial COD

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/partial-cod

Partial COD FAQ Q1. What are the key highlights of the feature ? A- The Partial COD process allows sellers to offer their buyers the flexibility to pay a portion of the total order value online and the remaining amount upon delivery. Q2. What needs to be done if a referred seller requests for activation ( not from a selective set of sellers)? A- Sellers can reach out to their KAMs or support team then they can get this enabled for their sellers internally. Q3. How can the service be deactivated and TAT ? A- It can be deactivated the same as it has been activated from the same ICRM panel and TAT is less than a minute including caching. Q4. Who will be the SPOC for any order creation issue with partial COD feature ? A- Customer Support Tech Desk Q5. Is this for all the COD type users ( standard and early)? A- Yes Q6. .Partial COD activation status can be checked via seller profile on ICRM Seller info TAB. Path in ICRM -->Seller Info--> Enter comp Id-->Company details-->Disable partial COD ( Meant service is active ) Advisor will check the current status of the Partial COD on ICRM, basis seller's request advisor will online enable the same from the ICRM. P ath in ICRM -->Seller Info--> Enter comp Id-->Company details--> Enable partial COD (To activate the service on Seller behalf ) Nugget Tagging Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Call Center Agent Assign :- Own Name Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Resolved Subject :- Partial Cod Activation Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- Yes Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- COD remittance Sub Category :- COD Remittance inquiry Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA