# Postpaid service related

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/postpaid-service-related

Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab Inform seller about :- I would like to inform you that t he Postpaid plan is an effective way for you to get more transparent reconciliations, uninterrupted shipping, and benefit from faster COD remittance process. It gives you more power over their money and enables them to utilize it for shipping while their COD remittance is processing . Benefits of Postpaid :- Dynamic Shipping Limit - With the Postpaid feature, You gets a daily dynamic shipping limit based on your COD delivered shipments. No worries about low balance or inability to recharge Convenience of auto-recharge Path to activate postpaid service: Login to seller panel >> Setting >> Remittance settings >> Turn the toggle on to enable postpaid service Path to check the Avaible Limit : Login to seller panel >> Homescreen >> Top of the screen>> Put the cursor on the Amount>> Its shows the available amount which is available on the seller's account. After opting for the Postpaid setting, you needs to upload the image of his/her signature and accept the Agreement. Click on Submit to proceed. Note: Shiprocket Postpaid is only available on desktop version and once the limit is provided to seller then that limit can only be used for making COD shipments. If seller wants to send prepaid shipments then he/she need to recharge the wallet and send prepaid shipment Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day. Nugget Ticket: (FCR CASE) Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Call Center Agent Assign :- Pratibha Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Resolved Subject :- Postpaid Activation Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- Yes Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Plan_Related Sub Category :- Postpaid Plan Inquiry Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA For Deactivation of Postpaid plan:- Scenario : If any shipment is not in "In-transit" or open status Inform seller about :- I'm really sorry for inconvenience cause to you , may i know the reason why you do not want continue postpaid plan? (Agent will capture the reason). Sir/Ma'am, i am forwarding your request to our concerned team and your plan will be deactivated within 24 to 48 hr. Scenario : If any shipment is in "In-transit" or open status I would like to inform you that there is some open shipment in your account and due to this you unable to deactivate your postpaid plan , i request you to please wait for all shipment to be closed . Note:- Seller can raise Postpaid service deactivation request any time after activation, however if any shipment is "In-transit" status then inform the seller that once the shipment is delivered then only service can be deactivated Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day. Nugget Ticket: (NFCR CASE) Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Finance Desk Agent Assign :- Priya/ Manisha Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Open Subject :- Postpaid Plan Deactivation Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- NFCR Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Plan_Related Sub Category :- Postpaid Plan Inquiry Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA