# Post Ship upgraded to Brand Boost

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/post-ship-upgraded-to-brand-boost

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Post Ship is now Brand Boost - Updated Version Note - The updated Version of Post ship is Brand Boost which is a Paid service and is updated in SOP with "Brand Boost - Updated Version of Post Ship" Scenario :- Seller called to know the process to customize and create the tracking page for his shipment. Opening:- Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to Shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? Assurance:- I will surely help you regarding your concern. Information:- Post Ship provides buyers a seamless post purchase experience with customized tracking page, marketing banners and regular SMS, Email notification. Benefits- • Tracking page with complete information • Real time order tracking • Estimated date of delivery • Regular SMS and Email updates • White labelled tracking pages • Promote other products • Links to external pages • Learn about buyer’s experience Path-Seller panel->Setting->Tracking Page You need to follow the below mentioned steps to create a branding and tracking page. 1.Setting- i n this tab you will add your website URL along with website’s domain and sub domain followed by saving this information. 2.Tracking widgets- I n this tab you will get an option to align the tab as per their preferences. For example, “banners”, “menu links”,etc. 3.Marketing banners- You can add up to 3 marketing banners along with a URL to make the tracking page more attractive. 4.Menu links- You can add unlimited menu links using this option, that will help you to categorize the product line. For example a menu link can be “MEN clothing”, “WOMEN clothing", Kids-Boy or a girl clothing etc. 5.NPS- Also known as “NET PROMOTERS SCORE”. You can opt for NPS service, which will allow the buyers to rate services. 6.Returns- Enabling the “RETURNS” option, You will empower your buyer to place a return order using the same tracking page. Further Assistance:- Is there anything else, I can assist regarding shiprocket. Closing :- Thank you for calling in shiprocket have a nice day. Note - The updated Version of Post ship is Brand Boost which is a Paid service and is updated in SOP with "Brand Boost - Updated Version of Post Ship" FD Ticket § Phone number :- Calling number § Email :- Seller's registered email id § FCR :- FCR-Addressed § Issue category :- Others § Sub category :- Others § Type :- Query § Status :- FCR Resolved § Courier Company :- NA § AWB Number :- NA § Subject :- Post Ship § Additional information :- NA § Request for call back :- NA § Please enter your number :- NA § Group :- Customer Support Call Center § Agent :- Pratibha § LOPS action :- NA § FOPS action :- NA § Tech support actions :- NA § Name :- NA § Description :- Report abuse Report abuse