# Price Hike Delhivery

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/price-hike-delhivery

Price Hike Delhivery Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? Concern: Seller asked about Price hike- Why Price for Delhivery courier is high Information:- English - Sir/Ma'am, This is the sudden development at the courier's end bearing in mind the current trend in fuel prices and other systemic factors in the logistics market, this is not a one of change and this price hike is being done by the courier across its client base. Hindi - Sir/ Mam, Fuel price mein increase ke kaaran logistic market mein changes hue hain aur isi kaaran Courier partner ne shipping prices change kiye hain aur yeh poore customer base par lagu hai. System Activity- Need to tag all such cases so that we know the quantum at EOD. we need to capture VOC of all such cases received at CC Need to create Open ticket with clear subject Line - Price Hike Delihivery and need to select Issue category- Others, S ub-Category- Others , Group- Client Support, Agent- Abhishek Gaur Tickets notes should be the words of seller- for Example- "If seller is saying he is getting cheaper rates directly with delhivery", we have to update the same in Ticket Notes. Tracker form to be filled- https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19nfOeqOocuwWBqVvFVoIGnGNO0WONmqS3ZM7eXHb_Qg/edit?usp=sharing Points to be taken care- Freight charges have been increased for xpressbees, Ecom express and delhivery. Advisors can suggest seller to use bluedart or other courier partners. Advisors will inform the seller that we have introduced two new courier partners and will suggest to ship their orders through those courier partners. Advisors has to respond confidently and should not sound low or fumble on call. Advisors will not suggest the seller to upgrade their plans. Advisors will not say that he will raise a complaint instead they will say that we have captured your feedback. FAQs- FAQ on Price hike for Customer support 1. Why has the prices of the courier increased? Sir/Ma’am, as you are aware the fuel prices have increased and this has given an impact on the operational cost of transportation and aviation industries, this is why courier partners have increased the freight charges for all the customer bases. 2. If Seller wants to know the affected courier partners Due to rise in fuel prices the courier partners like-Ecom xp, express bees and Delhivery have increased their freight charges 3. If seller complaints that the charges are too high and looking forward for other alternates with SR apart from these 3 couriers (Ecom ,Xp b and Delhivery) Sir/Ma’am, we do have 17+ different courier options available for you with us to do the shipments You can do the shipments via courier partners like. * Ekart * DTDC * Kerry logistics * Bluedart à Agent will educate - Blue Dart you can activate from your panel by uploading the same PAN CARD which you have submitted at the time of account KYC, after PAN card upload the Blue Dart will be activated in 24-48hrs. * Amazon Shipping (SWA) --- > Agent needs to check first if amazon channel is activated, if yes do not pitch Amazon ,Ekart and Ecom courier and can pitch - Blue Dart in case seller asks for other than agent will share other options – BD is recommended for Amazon And we are glad to inform you that we have introduced 2 more new courier partners in our platform Smart R and Load share You can easily check the freight charges from rate calculator via panel 4. How to check the new rates & serviceability of couriers? You can use the rate calculator to verify the new rates and courier serviceability using from Rate Calculator URL : https://www.shiprocket.in/shipping-rate-calculator/ 5.What will be the estimated charges for the other couriers The charges depend upon the source and destination pin code and the weight of the shipments, you can refer to Rate calculator from the panel 6. How many pin codes do we services Service? Sir/Ma’am, Overall, we are providing our services on 29000 pin code Further Assistance:- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing:- Thank you for calling shiprocket, have a great day ahead. FD Ticket Phone number :- Calling number Email :- S eller's registered email id FCR :- FCR-Addressed Issue category :- Others Sub category :- Others issue details:- Shipping charges Type :- Query Status :- FCR-Resolved Courier Company :- NA AWB Number :- NA Subject :- Price Hike Delhivery Additional information :- NA Request for call back :- NA Please enter your number :- NA Group :- Customer Support Call Center Agent :- Prajjwal LOPS action :- NA FOPS action :- NA Tech support actions :- NA Name :- NA Description :-