# Quality Check

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/quality-check

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Back Quality Check Activation: QC Module Note: Currently, QC is only applicable for single product & single quantity order(only one SKU can be kept in QC despite if there are multiple SKUs available). NOTE: All sellers above BRONZE tier can activate QC from Settings>>Return Settings>>Return QC Settings. For the BRONZE tier, QC module needs to be activated from ICRM>>Activate Courier. QC Activation Process:- Assign QC activation tickets to "Rahul Kumar" including the following details: Company ID: Company Name: Account Tier: Deals In (Category): Website (if available): Courier to Be Activated Based on Category - QC/Non QC: The values of the selected checks should be present on the actual product so the courier can match and determine if it is a QC Pass or Fail. Request needs to be shared for which checks seller want QC activation- based on that activation will be done. Follow the below steps to enable QC Module: Go to Settings>>Return Settings>>Return QC Settings . OR go to Buyer Experience>>Returns & Refund>>Return QC Settings. Turn the toggle ON for “Click on the toggle to enable QC for your Return Orders “. Click on the “ Upload Products ” button. Download the sample csv file by clicking on the “Download Sample File” link. Upload the QC Product list file (in csv format) and click “ Submit ”. Note: Product Name, SKU & Product Image are mandatory columns. In the QC column, the value needs to be “Yes” for all SKUs. Rest parameter columns are optional . You can view all QC SKUs by clicking the “ View Products ” button. Note: Your records will reflect in the table after being processed. If no. of records are large, the processing time might take a couple of minutes. In case of errors, an error file will be shared on your registered email. After you upload all QC SKUs, if a return order is created including QC product, the pickup for that order will be QC enabled. Image links: Channel link - Fetch image url from the channel. Return orders via API and courier priority: If the courier priority is selected as QC first and the return orders are being pushed via API, the seller will need to take the following steps: Use Case 1: Step 1: Seller has saved required parameters for all products from QC Settings>>Upload Products (Shiprocket Seller Panel). Step 2: Seller provides the “qc_enable” key (TRUE/FALSE) before initiating shipment via Shiprocket. (rest of the keys will be automatically fetched based on sku). Use Case 2: Seller will provide all the QC parameters in the request payload while initiating shipment via Shiprocket. API: Create Return Order & Return Wrapper API - https://apiv2.shiprocket.in/v1/external/orders/create/return QC related keys: “qc_enable” - Conditional Yes (If Yes, QC will be performed) “qc_color“ - Non-mandatory “qc_brand“ - Non-mandatory “qc_serial_no“ - Non-mandatory “qc_size“ - Non-mandatory “qc_product_name“ - Conditional Yes (Required when “qc_enable” is TRUE) “qc_product_image“ - Conditional Yes (Required when “qc_enable” is TRUE) For wrong item delivered, "qc_product_image" key can be used to overwrite the image for that order only. Bulk Upload - Return Order Required Column: qc_enable - Conditional Yes (If Yes, QC will be performed) qc_color - Non-mandatory qc_brand - Non-mandatory qc_serial_no - Non-mandatory qc_size - Non-mandatory qc_product_image - Conditional Yes (Required when “qc_enable” is TRUE) Use Case 1: Seller has saved required parameters for all products from QC Settings>>Upload Products (Shiprocket Seller Panel). In the bulk upload sheet, the seller provides the qc_enable column value (TRUE/FALSE). (rest of the parameters will be automatically fetched based on sku). Use Case 2: Seller will enter all QC parameters column value. The entered parameters will be used for the created order only and will not be saved for future orders with the same SKU. Add Single Order - Manual & Frwd Order(Delivered) Click on the “Add Return” button on the Return Listing dashboard for creating a single return order. OR Click on the 'Create Return’ button on Forward Orders under “Delivered” status. If the product belongs to QC listing, all parameters will be fetched automatically. Seller can edit the parameters value for the order. Note: Changed parameter value will only be used for that order. Global parameters won’t be affected Accepting Return Request While accepting a return request containing QC product, the seller can check and update the parameter value before converting a request into a return order. Note: If the Return Reason is “Wrong Item(s) Received”, buyer’s shared images will replace the qc image and other parameters. This is also applicable for “3: Add Single Order - Manual & Frwd Order(Delivered)”. Updating QC parameters when return reason is "Wrong Item Received" Problem Statement: If a seller initiates QC enabled pickup for a wrong delivered product, the parameters sent to courier from Shiprocket is of the actual product (which was supposed to be delivered). In this case QC parameter does not match during pick up causing pickup failure. Resolution: For a QC enabled return order, if the return reason is "Wrong Item Received", qc parameters are replaced with the customer's shared image (of actual delivered product). So, during pickup, the courier executive will have the correct image for reference. (seller will have to upload image) single - return reason step - wrong item received - image upload next to it - seller will upload customer image. bulk -during order upload - download the sample file - return reason - wrong item received - image column - customer image. Activation Tat of Quality Action is 24 working hours Nugget Ticket Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Agent Assign :- Rahull Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Open Subject :- Quality Check Activation Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- NFCR Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- (Mention Seller and advisor VOC) SR Issue Category:- Other Sub Category :- Courier Activation Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA Report abuse Report abuse