# Recent Update-Till 17th Apr'23

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/recent-update-till-17th-apr23

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Back Recent- Update Recent Update: Reverse Order SOP Seller can only create the Reverse Order manually under the Lite Plan . The seller will be unable to create a reverse order of the delivered shipment under the light plan. If the seller is unable to generate a reverse order owing to a problem or error, we must check his plan and either advise him to upgrade his plan or guide him through the creation of a Manual Reverse Order. Xpressbees reverse and Ecom reverse in FD properties The LOPs team added "Xpressbees Reverse" and "Ecom Reverse" in FD properties. Please enter the correct courier name to the "courier company" tab. Operational Issue in Uttar Pradesh :- There is 144 across Prayagraj .The internet services has been with drawn .So the operation activity is impacted . Only 5 BD staff & One MPC is working with precaution Smart Plan Issue if any Seller comes up with the error that " he is not getting any option of the courier partner on the panel" then we need to check his Plan details as the issue is coming to the sellers whose account is on the Smart Plan. Smart Plan services have already been closed and in such scenarios the client needs to switch the plan to another required plan. Sample Ticket Id for reference : 6275740 1. The revise TAT is 15 days from the RTI date, excluding Sundays and Holidays. 2. This is to inform you that we have switched the Gold tier to the new SR panel from today onwards . Kindly keep tabs on & share with us any issues raised by sellers regarding order processing or any other technical issues. We will address them asap. Also, some queries might be due to lack of familiarity with the panel; please assist them with the same. Please note - this switch will remove the option for this tier to switch back to the old version. Note: Now we live with 4 tiers (Nam Bronze, Bronze, Silver, and Gold). 3. There are few changes in SPOC list, for Bluedart, Ekart (Tarun Kulshreshtra ) and for shadowfax, DTDC (Anupam srivastava) and Hyperlocal tickets will be assigned to Shubham Gupta. Please check the link below for an updated SPOC list. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ZI7y9xiPV8ZrNSNWBqwlYRveLfi544hfhkUC6oduCzg/edit#gid=1819881787 4. Please find the attached rate cards for Lite,Basic, Advance, Pro plan. Also check the path to view the rate card on the seller panel below. Click on the link below: ShipRocket - Multi-channel Order, Inventory & Shipping Management Solution Enter the login ID and password Click on "Tools" Select " Rate Card" 5. Please find and follow the attached Ekart packaging guidelines. 6. The packing and unpacking video of the shipment won't be a requirement criteria/ask to raise/accept escalations on delivery dispute cases.(FW&RTO). Only images must be shared by the sellers; videos are beneficial but are not required. It was stated to us that even the courier partners are primarily in agreement with this idea and that cases can be handled and resolved even without a video evidence shared by the seller. Hence, I request you all to consider all the cases which are raised from the seller 's side without a video proof also. VAS activation deactivation path on Seller Info : ICRM> Seller Info> Tech product TAB. Shipment Cancellation Request update : If a shipment has been marked as " Out for pickup " from the last 2-3 days and the seller has contacted CC to cancel the shipment According to the SPOC list, the ticket should be assigned to LOPS - Shipment Pickup Delivery Dispute cases Update T he packing and unpacking video of the shipment won't be a requirement criteria/ask to raise/accept escalations on delivery dispute cases.(FW&RTO). Only images must be shared by the sellers; videos are beneficial but are not required. The cases can be handled and resolved even without a video evidence shared by the seller but Images are must and seller need to share the same. Ticket Assi gn ment update :- Please assign the tickets to Garima under the FOPS group for the concern related to the Engage Invoice and the timeline to resolve such ticket issues are 48 hours . Also, if you need any priority support then the mail needs to be done on the below given Email Id. planactivation@shiprocket.com OTP Base d delivery 1.For both FWD and RTO shipments, Ecom offers live OTP delivery. All prepaid XB, Delhivery and Bluedart shipments are OTP verified. For all orders, we can currently accept otp-based delivery activation and deactivation requests for Xpressbees, Delhivery E.com. B rand name in whatsApp N otification message :- 2. Incase seller wants his/her brand name in whatsApp number then SR engage can be proposed to the seller. Sunday Pick Up :- 3. Xpressbees is aligned to pick orders on sunday as well where any seller (with minimum handover >=10 shipments) can use this facility. This will help in:- * Early delivery (Sunday can be used in early pickup & further connection) * "Order to attempt" will improve Sharing the link below to fill details of sellers who are ready to handover shipments on Sunday along with pickup time slots if any. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1tKzkmB198FyGJ8a-Qed2a1bDBKULQQZu-1qV1w6D7ZA/edit#gid=0 Please note the below points for Sunday pickups. * Cut off time for pickup creation will be 9 am and pickup attempt will be done between 1 pm to 7 pm * Sunday pickups will be done only when the number of shipments is -10 * In case Seller has created a shipment after 9 am and before 1 pm, the request can be shared with the LOPS team manually in case the seller requests at CC via call and chat for pickup (tracker to be filled or mail can be initiated) 4. All BRONZE & SILVER tier sellers have been moved to the new SR panel without a switch back option. Please track if any issues are faced, and help the sellers familiarize with the panel as and when required. 5. Dispute option can be enabled for sellers by us, if any exception needs to be done on out of TAT cases, but do not do after 5 days from the delivered date. It happens when the seller has missed the chance to raise a dispute from his panel, he has to be denied at cc. Now the cc can give an option to him by enabling this button for less than 5 days. 6. Weight freeze request approval TAT is 7 working days. 7. Here is the refer & earn scheme :- If X seller refers Shiprocket to Y then both the sellers get Rs 200 each. (Only after Y's successful recharge) ( Max cashback X will get is Rs 1000) If Y does 100 shipments in 30 days then X and Y both get Rs.1000 8. Please be informed that today heavy traffic jam and also routes are diverted at airport due to new flyover construction ongoing at Rajokri , due to this second run vehicles and retrieval and lodgment will be effected from Delhi hub. Deliveries and pickups will be impacted, and issues with load retrieval and airport connections. (Communication received from Smartr) 9. There will be no entry of goods vehicles across Kolkata for Higher Secondary Examinations ( West Bengal Board class XII examinations ) from the below-mentioned dates. This will impact morning local and regional connections & retrievals due to this PDD performance will be affected. There will be restrictions for all types of Goods vehicle movement from 08:00 hrs to 12:00 hrs on examination days as on the below dates : 14.03.2023 , 16.03.2023 , 17.03.2023 , 18.03.2023 , 20.03.2023 , 21.03.2023 , 22.03.2023 , 23.03.2023 , 24.03.2023 , 25.03.2023 , 27.03.2023 Requesting you to kindly bear with us and handle escalations accordingly. This Will Also impact SDD/NDD network at Kolkata. Kindly keep Sellers Informed . Dispatched are getting impacted POD Dispute Update :- Dispute option can be enabled for sellers by us, if any exception needs to be done on out of TAT cases, but do not do after 5 days from the delivered date. It happens when the seller has missed the chance to raise a dispute from his panel, he has to be denied at cc. Now the cc can give an option to him by enabling this button for less than 5 days. Path to provide extension for POD dispute (ICRM) - Search AWB number >> View Details >> DT >> POD >> Enable delivery dispute action ( Note - This is applicable for Green Sellers only ) Seller Panel 2.0 Movement :- All BRONZE & SILVER tier sellers have been moved to the new SR Panel without a switch back option. Please track if any issue are faced, and help the sellers familiarize with the panel as and when required. Sunday pickup alignment & time slot _Xpressbees :- Xpressbees has aligned to pick orders on Sunday as well where any seller (with minimum handover >=10 shipments) can use this facility. This will help in:- * Early delivery (Sunday can be used in early pickup & further connection) * "Order to attempt" will improve. B elow is the link to fill details of sellers who are ready to handover shipments on Sunday along with pickup time slots if any. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1tKzkmB198FyGJ8a-Qed2a1bDBKULQQZu-1qV1w6D7ZA/edit#gid=0 Please find the ready reference ( pasted above ) where the sellers are handing over 10+ shipments & can align Sunday pickup. Bulk Manifest can be downloaded from Panel Once the Weight freeze request is placed by the seller it takes 4 - 7 working days and seller can request multiple times for the same if the request gets rejected. U nable to change the plan from smart lite to lite Question :- The seller is unable to change the plan from smart lite to lite from the panel also, it's a Tech Bug, Answer :- In such scenario we will not share the path to downgrade the plan from smart lite to lite from panel. We will assign the ticket to FOPS plan related group and agent will be Garima/Ashish XPRESSBEES revised cutoff & Pickup timeslot Revised courier pickup time:- 11AM to 7PM If Pick up generated between 00:01 AM to 11:00 AM then Pickup will be scheduled either for Same day or preferred date between 11 AM to 7 PM If Pick up generated between 11:01 AM to 12:00 PM then Pickup will be scheduled next day or preferred date between 11 AM to 7 PM . Improved Tracking Page for Customer Satisfaction The redesigned tracking page is coming soon to provide a more comprehensive experience beyond simply tracking orders. This update aims to reduce the number of inquiries about order status, increase revenue, and improve customer loyalty. (Screenshot attached above) New features added: Tracking page analytics dashboard A header and footer bar for announcements You can sync your Instagram account with one-click and display your Instagram feed on the tracking page. You can add your product video URL to the tracking page to promote your best-selling products. You can easily upload the fav icon and web title for the tracking page. How will an improved tracking page help you? Reduce “where is my order” queries by 65% Reduce support cost by 45% Increase repeat purchases by 15% Better your NPS by 2X Pricing: There will be a charge of Rs. 1.99 for each shipment processed. Check out What’s New in your Shiprocket App Add and Process International Shipments You have the convenience of being able to easily add and process all of your international shipments directly from your mobile app. Enable RTO Score Feature We’ve also added the RTO Score feature to the mobile app, so you can easily enable this feature for your account right from your mobile phone. This feature helps you make informed decisions about eliminating the risk of RTO for all your shipments. With the help of 10 billion data points, we will help you identify each of your shipments with RTO Score so that you can easily make a decision to eliminate the risk of RTO for your shipments. With this, you’re going to: ✅Make a profitable decision. ✅Minimize the risk by reviewing potential RTO Orders. ✅Tackle RTO-related challenges efficiently. ✅Save your logistics cost. ✅Improve delivery success rate. Pricing Detail: You will be charged just 2.49+GST per order. You will be charged only for Low RTO Risk and High RTO Risk on your orders. (Zero charges applied on Medium and N/A Score) Raise Pickup Escalation From Home Screen One of the latest updates to our Shiprocket app is the ability to raise escalation from the home screen. We’ve added the option to view and escalate orders that are delayed for pickup right from the home screen, saving you the hassle of manually navigating to the escalation screen. RTO Score to Improve Delivery Success Rate We introduced the RTO (Return to Origin) Score feature to improve the delivery success rate of your shipments. This feature will help you easily make a decision to eliminate the risk of RTO for your shipments with low and high RTO Prediction which leads you ultimately to save freight charges and GMV (Gross merchandise value). Let’s take a look at how Shiprocket will help you to reduce the RTO of your COD Shipments! High: The High RTO alert means that the probability of the shipment being RTO is very high and you should reconsider your COD Shipment once again as the buyer seems to be the least genuine. Low: Low RTO means that the probability of the shipment being RTO is less and you can give a go-ahead for your COD shipment as the buyer seems to be more genuine. Pricing: You will be charged just 2.49+GST per order. Charges are applied only for Low RTO Risk and High RTO Risk on your orders. (Zero charges applied on Medium and N/A Score) Note: Charges are subject to change. What’s New in Shiprocket Cross-Border A Separate International Order Flow For a more streamlined experience, we’ve implemented a separate order flow specifically for international orders. This helps you easily identify and manage your international orders. Added Filter for Orders We’ve also added filters for international orders, including a filter for the delivery country and a general filter for easier identification of your orders. These filters allow you to quickly find the information you need without having to scroll through long lists.(Screenshot attached above) Filter for Delivery Country A delivery country filter has been implemented for international orders for easier identification of the designated delivery country without the need of scrolling down to the bottom of the drop-down.(Screenshot attached above) 2. Our sms templates are blocked by the DLT provider stating that we are using the servers out side India and along with sending Amazon to order messages which are international traffic according to the DLT provider, We appealed to them on the weekend they requested for in-detail justification of the usage of the amazon orders, Server Details etc...... We have provided them with all the details and are awaiting their responses . For now, we have enabled the shipping messages i.e OTP , Picked up , Shipped , Intransit , OFD , and Delivered messages but there are more 243 sms that are failing due to the above issue which include NDR , Weight escalations etc...We are on pushing them through providers and DLT to unblock our templates. Will update once it is resolved. *************************************************************************** *************************************************************************** Xpressbees have a plan to upgrade the Framework's database version which does demand a downtime for XpressBees's systems listed in above snapshot. This means there will be a delay in tracking only. The rest Operations will work fine like pick and delivery. Please note due to some internal changes, we are introducing new spoc for XB, DTDC and Loadshare couriers for L2 desk handling, Please download this to your teams. This will be effective from 10th Jan 2023 onwards. Monika Randive will be new spoc instead of Tehseen Raza Would request you to kindly send the communication to all the seller that COD Remittance will not be processed on Bank Holidays, all the payments will be released on the next payment cycle. Occasion/Festival Date Day Lohri 13-01-2023 Friday, Republic Day 26-01-2023 Thursday. With confirmation from the Port Blair Operations team, the airport will be shut down due to scheduled maintenance work on the runway. The airport is to be non-operational for 32 days till March 2023, the tentative plan shared by the authority is mentioned below. Closing Dates of The Port Blair Airport: 10 January-13 January 2023 24 Janaury-27 January 2023 7 Feb-10 Feb 2023 21 Feb-24 Feb 2023 7 March- 10 March 2023 21 March-24 March 2023 Operational Dates of The Port Blair Airport: 14 Jan-23 Jan 2023 28 Jan- 6 Feb 2023 11 Feb- 20 Feb 2023 25 Feb-6 March 2023 11 March- 20 March 2023 25 March-31 March 2023 Delay will be there. Improved Tracking Page for Customer Satisfaction The redesigned tracking page is coming soon to provide a more comprehensive experience beyond simply tracking orders. This update aims to reduce the number of inquiries about order status, increase revenue, and improve customer loyalty. New features added: Tracking page analytics dashboard A header and footer bar for announcements You can sync your Instagram account with one-click and display your Instagram feed on the tracking page. You can add your product video URL to the tracking page to promote your best-selling products. You can easily upload the fav icon and web title for the tracking page. How will an improved tracking page help you? Reduce “where is my order” queries by 65% Reduce support cost by 45% Increase repeat purchases by 15% Better your NPS by 2X Pricing: There will be a charge of Rs. 1.99 for each shipment processed. Check out What’s New in your Shiprocket App Add and Process International Shipments You have the convenience of being able to easily add and process all of your international shipments directly from your mobile app. Enable RTO Score Feature We’ve also added the RTO Score feature to the mobile app, so you can easily enable this feature for your account right from your mobile phone. This feature helps you make informed decisions about eliminating the risk of RTO for all your shipments. With the help of 10 billion data points, we will help you identify each of your shipments with RTO Score so that you can easily make a decision to eliminate the risk of RTO for your shipments. With this, you’re going to: ✅Make a profitable decision. ✅Minimize the risk by reviewing potential RTO Orders. ✅Tackle RTO-related challenges efficiently. ✅Save your logistics cost. ✅Improve delivery success rate. Pricing Detail: You will be charged just 2.49+GST per order. You will be charged only for Low RTO Risk and High RTO Risk on your orders. (Zero charges applied on Medium and N/A Score) Raise Pickup Escalation From Home Screen One of the latest updates to our Shiprocket app is the ability to raise escalation from the home screen. We’ve added the option to view and escalate orders that are delayed for pickup right from the home screen, saving you the hassle of manually navigating to the escalation screen. RTO Score to Improve Delivery Success Rate We introduced the RTO (Return to Origin) Score feature to improve the delivery success rate of your shipments. This feature will help you easily make a decision to eliminate the risk of RTO for your shipments with low and high RTO Prediction which leads you ultimately to save freight charges and GMV (Gross merchandise value). Let’s take a look at how Shiprocket will help you to reduce the RTO of your COD Shipments! High: The High RTO alert means that the probability of the shipment being RTO is very high and you should reconsider your COD Shipment once again as the buyer seems to be the least genuine. Low: Low RTO means that the probability of the shipment being RTO is less and you can give a go-ahead for your COD shipment as the buyer seems to be more genuine. Pricing: You will be charged just 2.49+GST per order. Charges are applied only for Low RTO Risk and High RTO Risk on your orders. (Zero charges applied on Medium and N/A Score) Note: Charges are subject to change. What’s New in Shiprocket Cross-Border A Separate International Order Flow For a more streamlined experience, we’ve implemented a separate order flow specifically for international orders. This helps you easily identify and manage your international orders. Added Filter for Orders We’ve also added filters for international orders, including a filter for the delivery country and a general filter for easier identification of your orders. These filters allow you to quickly find the information you need without having to scroll through long lists. Filter for Delivery Country A delivery country filter has been implemented for international orders for easier identification of the designated delivery country without the need of scrolling down to the bottom of the drop-down. Change in SPOC SPOC for NDR verification (Call)- Nitin SPOC for LOPS Weight- Anoop SPOC for Client Support- Nitin Scheduled Maintenance Planned for 17th Dec 2022 This is to inform that the Shiprocket system will go under Maintenance on 17th December 2022 8:00 PM (Saturday) to 18th December 2022 8:00 AM (Sunday) due to an Infra Upgrade. All the team members who are directly or indirectly connected with sellers, request you to handle any queries raised before or during this time period. Have scheduled a meeting for tomorrow to solve all your concerns . The sellers have been informed via email, mobile push and alert banner in the panel. Scripts / Speak For Downtime - If the seller calls before downtime- Sir, you must have received an email from our side, about the scheduled downtime which is planned from 17th Dec 2022 8:00 PM to Sunday, December 18th 2022 8:00 AM. During this time period you will not be able to take any action on the panel. Sir, we have scheduled this activity to upgrade our system for better performance. If the seller called after downtime- Yes sir we had planned downtime for system maintenance from 17th Dec Saturday 8pm till 18th Dec Sunday 8am which is now completed. All the services are restored to normal operations. If you are facing any issue, we will get the same checked at the earliest. FAQ's Q: Why are we doing it ? A: The tech infrastructure needs to be upgraded for better performance, smooth operations and improved costing. Q: What will work in the system? A: Only the serviceability API which the sellers are using on their PDP ( product display page) of their website will be working. Q: What does not work in the system? A: Shiprocket will be completely unavailable and nothing will work including Order Sync from the Channel, Tracking, External APIs, and many other activities. So, we will recommend you pause all activities on your account from 17th December 2022 8:00 PM (Saturday) to 18th December 2022 8:00 AM (Sunday). Q: What happens to the order being placed on marketplaces ? A: These orders will be pulled in Shiprocket post 8 AM and post that it will be processed. Q: What happens to the seller who is using an external API for order creation, processing and other activities? A: The external API wont work and it might send back a default message that the system is under maintenance. Q: Would other products be affected ? A: Some of the functionalities would work but systems are closely integrated and can result in hampering the end-to-end process. So, we advise you not to work on other products too integrated with the Shiprocket System. KYC Verification Process Update This is to inform you that in order to strengthen the KYC checks, we have made a few changes related to the KYC unfreeze process and from now onwards, KYC change requests for New & Existing sellers won't be entertained except for the Individual ~ sole proprietorship KYC cases. ( Individual KYC to Sole Proprietor KYC or vice versa - Seller can upgrade or downgrade the KYC if same PAN card in KYC. ) Changing from 1 entity to another and overriding KYC details in our records creates issues in storing the data and manipulating records and also attracts legal or compliance issues. Note: below are the sample cases, that won't be considered further for KYC unfreezing. 1. KYC change requests from an individual to Company or vice versa, won't be entertained or unfreeze as these are 2 separate entities. 2. KYC change requests from a sole proprietorship to Company or vice versa, won't be entertained or unfreeze as these are 2 separate entities. Disputes on OTP verified delivery / Negative remark not mentioned _ECOM Ecom has live OTP delivery for both FWD & RTO shipments . There are multiple scenarios where sellers are not providing negative remarks on POD where the packet is delivered in doubtful condition & claims are being rejected by the courier under "No negative remark/ OTP verified delivery". So requesting all of you to keep informing the seller to update negative remarks on POD if shipment is in doubtful condition. Please refer to the process below :- * Ecom triggers OTP during RTO delivery. * If the shipment is in doubtful condition, Seller should ask for POD to mention negative remarks & accept the shipments * If FE refuses to provide the DRS to mention negative remarks, Deny to accept & do not provide the OTP (Investigation will be process further on this) Note :- * No Dispute is eligible if shipment delivered without negative remarks or has OTP verified delivery. Prepaid_OTP verified delivery _Xpressbees (FWD_Shipments) This is to inform you that all XB prepaid shipments shipped from 7th Nov are OTP verified. Note:- if buyer has any issue regarding OTP on delivery he can ask FE (field executive) to connect with XB call center, they will provide the OTP to buyer only after order verification Please refer to OTP verification process/ failure guidelines (Screenshot pasted above) MPS Update- Max package count - 20 Max weight - 1000 kg Courier- Delhivery This is to inform you that Goods vehicles movement will be delayed towards North Bengal and North East due to Farraka bridge maintenance issue hence Delhivery, pickup, connections and RTO handover impacted. Bridge maintenance work will start from 04-11-2022 to 03-01-2023 . One lane will remain close till completion of work . All vehicle will move through single lane. Team- Rocket boc support or sales queries email id will be - rocketbox.support@shiprocket.com , Rocket box helpline no- 999702233. (Working hours 10am-7pm from Mon-Sat) Ship rocket Boost and Ship rocket Check out - Ship rocket Boost offers fast check out option with fewer clicks, pre-filled customer data, defined delivery date and quick payments. It ensures a seamless purchase journey that boosts the merchant;s store performance along with increased conversion. The website is - https://checkout.shiprocket.in/ , can check the FAQ from this site. For check out and boost related concern please drop an email to Paras Batra( paras.batra@shiprocket.com ) , please share the TAT of 24-48 hrs for the callback. Given below is the list of new feature releases and improvements in Ship rocket CORE that we implemented in the month of September. These features would either be improving business metrics or the internal/ external user experience. We urge each one of you to spend some time and go through it to be equipped with knowledge while answering seller queries. 1. New Couriers 2. New Improvements in Seller Panel Hide Personal Identifiable Information (PII): Sellers can now choose to hide PII info of the end buyers from their sub users while giving partial access to the modules. By default for the existing sellers that are created in the system till date, the Buyer PII setting is switched on. They can anytime edit the setting (name : show Buyer's Personal Info) to switch it off for that sub user. Path :- Seller Panel → Settings → User Role Management → Manage Users Shipped SMS Disabled: We have disabled the Shipped SMS for all companies except those on the Custom template. In addition, we changed the content of Picked SMS to include shipped information. New Picked SMS is as follow: Order Picked: Hi {#var#}, your {#var#} order {#var#}, which contains {#var#}{#var#}, has been picked up and will be shipped within the next 24 hours. Track Now {#var#}{#var#} -Ship rocket Virtual ID on all invoices: Virtual IDs are activated for WHMCS SaaS invoices (Web Host Manager Complete Solution), freight, Direct, Ship rocket Fulfillment (SRF), and Engage to avoid suspense amounts. 3. Monetization RTO Score feature is designed to reduce the return to origin orders. With the help of 10 billion data points, we are helping sellers to identify each of their shipments with RTO Score so that they can easily make a decision to eliminate the risk of RTO for their shipments. We do share the reasons for predicting high RTO orders which are shown in the processing order & All order section. RTO score pricing changed to Rs 2.49+GST, earlier it was Rs.3 per order. RTO score and settings now won't be visible to engage sellers. 4. Insurance Updated Insurance Opt-In UI is Live: The insurance Opt-In UI at the time of order creation has been redesigned for better visibility of crucial terms & conditions, insurance benefits. The same shall be visible to any seller creating an order with value > Rs 5,000. 5.COD Remittance : We will now remit COD remittance on Delivered + 8 days on every Monday, Wednesday & Friday. Early COD module works as is with no change 6. ICRM Updates DG Goods Panel updated in ICRM: Dangerous Goods Panel is updated in ICRM to mark SKUs and companies DG exempt/DG. Here, one can easily view the list of the dangerous goods that vary from courier to courier. Path: ICRM→ Courier→ Courier DG Goods Deactivate Seller’s Account Directly via ICRM: We have launched a feature in ICRM that will help in deactivating a seller's account directly from the ICRM. Current Path: ICRM→ Internal CRM → Deactivate Seller Account Future Path: ICRM → Seller Details → Deactivate Seller Account How to Deactivate? Step 1: Go to Deactivate Seller Account Step 2: Search for the company ID Step 3: Click on the Deactivate button to proceed. The account will be deactivated if there are no unbilled freight charges and all invoices are paid. Note: This will block the seller's login access. Company Tag Feature is Live: Company tag feature is now live on the platform. The team can add a predefined tag on sellers from two different locations. Logs will be maintained by whosoever changes the tagging. Existing predefined sets of Tags which can be added are Top Seller Program (TSP) & Bronze Seller Program (BSP). We will be saving as to which tag was there at the company during that AWB assignment for recording purposes. Path: ICRM→ Report→ Company Tag How to update tags? 1. ICRM→ Seller Info→ View Details→ Company Details→ Bottom left, "Add company tags" 2. To add in bulk→ Upload the excel with company id, tag ID, status ICRM Product Communication: Now, we can publish up to 3 alerts on the seller panel for any information such as COD delay, delivery delay, holiday notification, and so on. Depending on the nature of the notification, different color options are also available. Save in Drafts: Alerts, Promotional Banners, and Product updates can now be saved in drafts. Test Button: Alerts, Promotional Banners, and Product Updates can now be tested directly in the ICRM. Path: Create→ Save in Drafts→ Test. Schedule: All three modes of communication can now be scheduled for a future date. Product Updates : Users can now add custom tags for product updates. A feedback section has been added below each product update. Enabled Blocking Prepaid Shipments: Blocking any prepaid shipment from ICRM is now possible, and it works in the same way as the COD shipment blocking process. Users will be able to see the entry of blocked prepaid shipments in the Snatching report AWB-wise as well. Unblocking Path: Internal CRM→ Shipment Details→ View Details→ Remittance→ Block 7. Weight Module Ship rocket suggested weight freezing pilot completed. Sellers are getting recommendations for weight freezing based on historical shipments data. The suggested weight is shown in the "weight freeze" screen in the seller panel & sellers will have 7 working days to take action on the suggested weight freeze. Post 7th working day, taking no action will lead to auto acceptance at the suggested weight. Suggested Weight Freeze is the algorithm which is based on historical data of previously charged weight. This feature is helping sellers to: Minimize Weight Discrepancy, Maximize Weight Freeze with minimum manual effort and have a better Shipping Experience. 8. Channel Changes To improve the overall performance of Ship rocket<>Amazon integration for our sellers, we have updated Amazon channel tech stack from MWS (Marketplace Web Service) to SP API (Selling Partners API). 9. Seller Support Delivery Not updated (shipment had been delivered but marked RTO ) use case has been added in the Delivery Dispute escalation process. The input of this use case is only created in the new seller panel as we plan all our sellers to adopt this panel in the coming few months. Eligibility→ Shipment status = RTO Initiated & (Current date - RTO Initiated date <=3 days) & COD payment mode Category name on seller panel→ Package Delivered to Buyer - Status Dispute We ask the seller to share 2 images - one with visible AWB number on outer pkg AND inner content received to Buyer, post which the LOPS team works with the courier team to resolve the concern in max of 10 days. Multi Comm. Feature in delivery Dispute: Multi comm. feature for delivery dispute is live where the LOPS & seller both can put in text remarks & attachments to give in the interim status updates. Currently, it can be done in singular form and bulk will also be added in the next phase. Provide Additional Details to Raise Dispute: If the seller is raising a dispute with reason “Partial shipment received”, they will have to provide two additional details of the shipment to confirm the missing quantity and the order amount of the missing quantity of shipment. There is also an option to upload pictures as well to support the information that they have provided regarding the partial shipment received. This will help the seller to receive the appropriate amount of refund for the missing quantity of shipment. Company Tag added for IVR API: For better handling of calls and priority support, we have added Company tag in IVR API to handle BSP (Bronze Seller program & TSP (Top Seller Program sellers. Recent Update This is to inform you all that the biggest festival of Bihar "Chhath Puja " has started now which has already started affecting the region temporarily . Very huge rush has started coming to Bihar from outer locations which is creating heavy traffic issues on the roads . The entire region will be fully disturbed for these 03 coming days . (29th Oct'22 to 31st Oct'22) . Hence, deliveries as well as pickups will be highly affected till Tuesday . We would like to inform you all that goods vehicle movements are restricted in Kolkata on the occasion of "Kali Puja" as per Police jurisdiction from 08:00 hrs. to 04:00 hrs. from 24.10.2022 to 29.10.2022 . This will impact to FM and LM operations on the ground . Please find below the link of spreadsheet with updated list of Amazon AWBs shared to Finops today by LOPS, for releasing the LOST payout. Please note that there are 3582 AWBs that were marked lost however their payment is not released as per the TAT, due to a discrepancy in shipment status at courier end. We can refer to the same list in case of any escalation received. For more information, we may reach out to Ishpreet or Eshank https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FKQgdyXFsLjrv4dyA0MLiVdGphBvyYt4ThDIdCaAYIo/edit?usp=sharing 1. RTO Score : Seller can now get to which shipments of their have a high chance of RTO and due to what reason. Accordingly they can take a corrective of confirming order, cancellation, etc in order to decrease the RTO %. It is shown in processing tab & All orders screen in the RTO score column . 2. Whats app Communication Module - With Ship rocket communication sellers can send real time personalized updates to buyers throughout the order journey Via WhatsApp . They can choose to send in Whats app updates at specific order statuses or on all statuses. Pricing Rs 1/ msg. This feature is yet to be live and will be informed when released. 3. Delivery Dispute : Delivery Not updated use case has been added in the Delivery Dispute escalation process . The input of this use case is only created in the new seller panel as we plan all our sellers to adopt this panel in the coming few months. Snapshots attached for reference Eligibility - Shipment status = RTO Initiated &(Current date - RTO Initiated date <=3 ) & COD payment mode Category name on seller panel - Package Delivered to Buyer - Status Dispute Process Flow - Once RTI applied - ONLY above new option will be active (for 72 hours) for Seller to raise dispute Panel will ask - "Please share images with visible AWB number on outer pkg AND inner content received to Buyer" - 2 upload fields for 2 images (mandatory) (Sample shared below) Once above proofs uploaded - success banner will display the msg "Our team will investigate this and get back to you with resolution in max of 10 days." The flow will remain the same as the existing Dispute panel except addition of below logic. Once an escalation is raised, the dispute status will be “raised” status & it will be shown in the Delivery Dispute panel in ICRM. Action to be allowed on this for manual closure by agent -Accept / Reject. Under reject, reasons are Claim rejected - Package Marked Delivered - Remittance in Progress Claim rejected - Package in Transit (Raise wrong product dispute when RTO Delivered) Claim rejected - Package RTO Delivered - Need additional proofs (Images/Video of wrong item received) Claim rejected - Insufficient Proof (AWB not visible on image) Claim rejected - Insufficient Proof (Inner content image missing) Auto Closed - If status updated as "Delivered" or "LOST" - corresponding DNU query to be Auto-Closed with message "As per your dispute raised - Courier has updated status as Delivered/Lost and the amount will reflect in your account in next 5-7 working days". Dispute status will turn to Auto Closed Sellers will be allowed to reopen in 48 hours in any of the delivery dispute categories as per existing logic only once. 4. ICRM - a) Addition of Global search - It's added on the top right corner which will show the result based on menu and sub menu of the ICRM. It will help us identify & search old and new screens without the need of remembering the path in the ICRM b) ICRM Menu revamp : We are in the process of reorganizing the ICRM menu by bringing the similar submodules together under a category for ease of usage. Given excel link lists down the updated categories and subcategories of the menu for your reference. PS : User access to each module remains the same. 5. TAT is 10 days from the RTO initiated date for all Zone except E. Zone E TAT is 15 days from the RTO initiated date. Zone A- Within City Zone B- Within State Zone C - Metro to Metro Zone D- Rest of India , except North east and J&K Zone E - North east and J&K Please find the briefing note for 15 October. 1. RTO Score to Improve Delivery Success Rate We are introducing the RTO (Return to Origin) Score feature to improve the delivery success rate of your shipments. This feature will help you easily make a decision to eliminate the risk of RTO for your shipments with low and high RTO Prediction which leads you ultimately to save freight charges and GMV (Gross merchandise value). Aligning with this feature offered by us, we will take responsibility for delivering eligible orders i.e orders which are predicted as Low risk RTO by Ship rocket Sense API i.e an AI/ML based RTO prediction model to identify low and high-risk of the orders. The predictions are made only after the use of more than 10 million buyer data points. Post shipping the order if shipment goes to RTO, in that case Ship rocket will pay one way freight charges amount to the sellers as refund. Let’s take a look at how Ship rocket will help you to reduce the RTO of your COD Shipments! High: The High RTO alert means that the probability of the shipment to be RTO is very high and you should reconsider your COD Shipment once again as the buyer seems to be least genuine. Low: Low RTO means that the probability of the shipment to be RTO is less and you can give a go ahead for your COD shipment as the buyer seems to be more genuine. Charges Applicable: Ship rocket will be charging a nominal fee of 1.5% on the order value for all the shipments wherever ship rocket predicted as low. This feature is applicable only for the COD orders. Note: Charges are subject to change. 2. Dangerous Goods Acknowledgement During the process of International KYC, you will receive an acknowledgement form for the list of Dangerous Goods. You need to acknowledge that list and agree to the terms which says that you will not send any of the mentioned items for international shipping. The reason for adding this Dangerous Goods Acknowledgement in international shipping flow is to ensure that all of you are well aware of the dangerous items that are prohibited from international shipping. This will also save time for you by saving you from failed international shipments. 3. No More International Shipment Delay In order creation flow, we introduced a new field named IGST Amount on the panel. Now, there will be no more shipment hold and delays because of the IGST amount. You can easily find your IGST amount on the panel if your IGST is paid. 4.Complete Returns for Uni commerce We have built an end to end integration for fetching all the return orders from Uni commerce. This automated process will help Fulfillment sellers to close their buyer returns in Uni commerce automatically as soon as they are inwarded in our Fulfillment Centers. 5.Changes in Delivery Dispute Now, we have added an In-progress state in between the delivery dispute raised and closed. This will enable you to communicate with Ship rocket regarding the update on your raised delivery dispute. Earlier, you were receiving an update only when you raise the dispute and another when the dispute is closed. This was creating a communication gap between the seller and us. So, to address this issue, we added an In-progress state in between the delivery dispute raised and closed so that you can get an update of your raised dispute in in-progress state as well. Not only this, but you can also request for an update in the in-progress state by clicking on “Write to us” option available, we will provide you with a remark regarding the same. Provide Additional Details to Raise Dispute If you are raising a dispute with the reason “Partial shipment received”, you will have to provide two additional details of the shipment to confirm the missing quantity and the order amount of the missing quantity of shipment. There is also an option to upload pictures as well to support the information you have provided regarding the partial shipment received. This will help you to receive the right amount of refund for the missing quantity of shipment. 6. Please check the link below of recent highlights for the month of August and September. August: https://www.shiprocket.in/blog/product-highlights-from-august-2022/ September: shiprocket.in/blog/product-highlights-from-september-2022/ Please find the list of pin codes for which Pickup and delivery have an impact. On pickup, scenarios suggest the Seller to re-assign with other courier and for Delivery delay process for refund and no TAT is to be provided for early delivery Further Sellers will not be able to create shipments from the attached list Update ( 3 /10/2022) Please find the list of pin codes (Pasted above) for which Pickup and delivery have an impact. On pickup, scenarios suggest the Seller to re-assign with other courier and for Delivery delay process for refund and no TAT is to be provided for early delivery Further Sellers will not be able to create shipments from the attached list COD Remittance will not be processed on Bank holidays, all the payments will be released on the next payment cycle. List of holiday:- Occasion/Festival Date Day Dussehra 05 th October 2022 Wednesday Diwali 24 th October 2022 Monday Diwali 25 th October 2022 Tuesday Update ( 1 / 10 /2022) Team please note that for pickup and delivery, the SPOCs are as mentioned. Do the assignment as per above snapshot The difference between courier services available in the rate calculator vs actual courier serviceable at the time of order assignment 1. Channel through which order has been created 2. DG Goods ( AGent and Seller can refer to DG good list) 3. Weight 4. Pincode To and Fro 5. Distance 6. Quality check for a reverse shipment 7. MPS For Amazon Channel only the below couriers are available Blue Dart FedEx DTDC Surface FEDEX:Packaging Delhivery FedEx Surface 10 Kg DTDC 5kg Bluedart Air - Cards Bluedart Surface 500 gms- Select Xpressbees 1kg Xpressbees 2kg Xpressbees 5kg Xpressbees Documents Xpressbees FEDEX:Your-Packaging Delhivery Surface 5 Kgs FedEx Flat Rate FedEx Surface 5 Kg Delhivery Surface Delhivery Surface 2 Kgs Xpressbees Surface Blue Dart Surface FedEx Surface 1 Kg Delhivery Flash Delhivery Surface - Special Bluedart Savex (A) Delhivery Reverse QC DTDC 2kg Delhivery Surface 10 Kgs Delhivery Surface 20 Kgs Delhivery Essential Surface 5 Kg Xpressbees Essential Surface Delhivery Essential Surface 2Kg Delhivery Air - Special Delhivery Non Essential Bluedart Savex Exchange Xpressbees Reverse Xpressbees Reverse 2kg Xpressbees Reverse 5 kg Xpressbees Reverse 1kg Xpressbees Reverse QC Xpressbees QC 2KG Xpressbees QC 5KG Xpressbees 10kg Kerry Indev 250 Gms Surface Blue Dart Reverse QC DTDC 500GMS Xpressbees ME Delhivery BT Surface Bluedart Reverse Bluedart CE Savex SAM-Bluedart (A) SAM-Bluedart Exchange Update (2 9 /09/2022) Team please note that for pickup and delivery, the SPOCs are as mentioned. We do not have to assign cases to S hruti for pickup . Do as per this list (Snap pasted above - Ticket Assi gn ment) Update (27/09/2022) Team please note that for pickup and delivery, the SPOCs are as mentioned. We do not have to assign cases to shruti for pickup . Do as per this list Update (Date- 25 /08/2022) Any case of DTDC courier where series starting from "I3" has been identified & status is pickedup from last >4days, have Softdata issue. These will be cancelled on panel once return to seller. Freight refund will be reversed if collected, give TAT as per SOP. Wallet balance transfer to bank account:- 1.Check bank detail updated or not 2.Check Account Block/Unblock Ledger request:- 1.Agent confirm C.ID and same will update in Ticket id 2.Ask date range 3.Proactively inform that we can share till 1 month before Payment Failed:- 1.Ask T.ID's SS and create ACR ticket 2.Without T.ID , fops team will not take action on it. DC address:- 1.Agent must check NDR- last attempt made 2.If 24 hr already pass then inform to seller that we can try to provide DC but might be chances that shipment get RTO Ticket assignment:- 1.Adding note then assign ticket to respective team. 2.If we adding investigation required- Need specify For BSP Tracker:- 1.Agent should fill all the field in BSP. 2.Please check SR 31, agent raised DT but ticket should create Update (Date-18/08/2022) Due to heavy traffic jam in Mumbai - the vehicle movement is observing delay on it's expected arrival time to destination SCs. Kerry SDD shipments may get impacted today however we are trying to recover maximum out of this situation. Update (Date-06/08/2022) International SPOC :- Syed Hasan is international SPOC So we need to tag the case accordingly Operational Issue :- Due to operational constraints, Gurgaon Tauru and Bhiwandi mega GW are under stress which "Delhivery" have planned for the actionable and the situation will back to normal by the end of this week, expecting connection delays from these connection points. Please find the attached FM pin codes for both the gateways. FM Update (Date-01/08/2022) 1.All FCR resolved cases will be assigned to Manik . Scenario - Agent FCR Resolved - Manik POD Dispute - Prabhakar Bank - Portal Cases - Prabhakar Sales if Pipedrive option not available - Prabhakar SR Engage - Prabhakar 2 . Today there is a strike of cabs and auto unions in Delhi due to which there may be some disturbance on the routes . Please keep this information just for the reference purpose . 3. Shadow fax :- Would like to inform you that pickups and deliveries would be affected Partially in Agra City due to Big Kailash Mela held on 1st August . National Highway road would be blocked from Sunday Evening to next Monday nights , maybe Transportation will also not be possible to reach in the City . If anything information will get from locally then will update on the same thread mail . We are trying to attempt maximum delivery or pickup . Request you to manage the escalations accordingly . Update (Date-30/07/2022) DOC for Shiprocket -2.0 file:///C:/Users/BPOC/Downloads/New%20Interface%20Shiprocket%202.0%20Doc.pdf Update (Date-28/07/2022) - Bluedart:- Below location of HYD Branch are experiencing heavy rainfall today , thus pick up and deliveries are likely to be impacted for a day. Update (Date-28/07/2022) - Due to Kawariya Festival Traffic restrictions on vehicular movement is imposed on below locations. In order to facilitate smooth procession, roads are still blocked and vehicles will not be allowed to enter the city areas. Hence Deliveries may get impacted for all products. Update (Date-27/07/2022) Chandannagar Police Commissionerate, Dankuni Kolkata has imposed a 9-hrs no entry restriction for all types of vehicles in and around Dankuni today,i.e, 27th July'22 from 9 am to 5 pm. Owing to this 8 hrs no-entry, a massive impact is expected for operations hence Pickup and delivery will be impacted over there. Update (Date-2 6 /07/2022) Delhivery pick up will be hampered in NOIDA because of some technical glitch ( Mapping ) in the system. The team will try to recover by tomorrow. Sales/Plan update:- 1. Plan Upgrade-Downgrade(till Bronze) FD ticket needs to be assigned to Apoorva instead of Gaurav Rana 2. Plan offers - For example seller asking for any discount /cashback, plus plus plans- FD to be raised to Apoorva 3. Sale query when the seller wants to speak to the Sales team for product details- Pipe drive process remains same, FD tickets need to assign to Apoorva instead of Pankaj Grover for Chat. Apoorva's name is added in the Plan-Related Group, so kindly assigned the ticket accordingly Update (Date-21/07/2022) This is to inform you Delivery, pickups, RTO Delivery and connection will be impacted in attached pincodes. Requesting you to kindly bear with us and handle escalations accordingly. Attached are the Impacted pincodes :- Update (Date-20/07/2022) Ticket id-4927075 Please note that it is the policy of BigFoot Retail Solutions Private Limited / Shiprocket (“BFRS” or “Shiprocket”) to conduct all business activities in compliance with the rules and regulations applicable to the industry and laws of India, with the highest ethical standards. In this regard, BFRS has a zero tolerance policy with respect to counterfeit or fraud activities performed over our panel or against us. as per Policy of Shiprocket (as mentioned in the Shiprocket Merchant Agreement: https://www.shiprocket.in/shiprocket-agreement-v2/ ), in case BFRS believes that you are involved in suspicious activity then BFRS inter-alia has the right to levy liquidated damages of upto Rs. 1,00,000 Where you are found doing suspicious activity and complaints have been made against you as a seller due to that we are creating an invoice and charging Rs.1,00,000 as a penalty. We have also terminated you from our services and blocked your wallet balance and cod remittance till further notice. shipping awb 14112322799882 14112322799883 14112322799885 14112322799886 14112322799892 14112322799893 14112322799894 14112322799896 14112322799897 14112322799898 14112322799899 14112322799900 14112322799881 14112322799904 14112322799908 14112322799912 Update (Date-20/07/2022) Because of students protest and Political rally Odisha Bandh today demanding justice for BJB College student Ruchika Mohanty, who allegedly committed suicide over ragging. Shops and business establishments which were open were forcefully shut by the protestors , Vehicles go off the road due to the protests. Shadowfax:- Would like to inform you that pickups and deliveries would be affected on the below mentioned location till 27th July due to MAHA SHIVRATRI. Most of the roads/highways are blocked or one way and large vehicles are not allowed in the city and main highway where Kavad Yaatra is going on. * Meerut * Haridwar * Hapur *Ujjain *Varanasi *Allhabad *Puri, Odisha *Veraval, Gujarat *HRD_Tibriroad_N *Sharnapur *Meerut *Ghazibad Hyderabad is live - Bluedart except these 10 pin code, except these pin code Hyderbad live in LM Bluedart Update (Date-19/07/2022) Bluedart:- With immediate effect Temporarily Services are Suspended on below pin codes of Imphal (IMO & IML) in Manipur under East Region. STATE - PIN CODE MANIPUR 795001 MANIPUR 795002 MANIPUR 795003 MANIPUR 795004 MANIPUR 795005 MANIPUR 795008 MANIPUR 795009 MANIPUR 795010 MANIPUR 795140 MANIPUR 795146 Update (Date-19/07/2022) Today pick up will be hampered at some locations because of Heavy rain and traffic jam, Mumbai - Heavy rain and traffic jams. Surat - Heavy rain Ludhiana - Heavy raining Panipat - Heavy raining Chandigarh - Heavy rain Odisha - Odisha Band called by naba nirman krushak Sangathan. Surat - Heavy rain Ahmedabad- Heavy rain. Update (Date-18/07/2022) Bluedart:-With immediate effect Temporarily Services are Suspended on the below pin codes of Chandrapur (CHD) in Maharashtra under West1 Region. Update (Date- 14 /07/2022) We have opened the new panel for all the new signups today 6.30PM onwards. Now all the new signups will land on new UI and also they will not be having the option to switch to the old panel option. Update (Date- 09 /0 7 /2022) Due to strategic changes in the QuickPick program, we are closing Mumbai (Borivali, Bhiwandi, Jogeshwari) + Bengaluru(KudluGate, Mahadevapura) Hubs on 13th July'22 EOD and post that no fresh requests will route through QuickPick. With this change, all shipments which will be scheduled after the 13th July, will be picked by the courier directly. Also, we'll ensure full pendency will be cleared. Seller C.ID Report abuse Report abuse