# Recharge Error/Issue

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/recharge-errorissue

Recharge Error/Issue Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1 ) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab 2) When seller did recharge and for what amount 3) Advisor will check the payment gateway (Razorpay & paytm) to find the txn details and take the following actions. (Note: Auto cron for the Razopay runs every half hour to track payment status. Razor pay link https://icicibank.razorpay.com/app/payments/pay_MT5inwtfUJLeiR ID:- tarun@bpoconvergence.com Password - Tarun@ 007 Advisor will check the payment gateway (Razorpay & paytm) to find the txn details and take the following actions. a) If payment status is successful (captured) and time difference is > 1 hour than raise ticket to Group " Tech Support"" to manually update the payment, if < 1 hr then explain seller to wait for the cycle to be completed b) If txn is failed, inform the seller to wait for 5-7 business days as amount will refund to the source account. c) If the status is Created - Pending , neither captured nor failed, suggest to wait for 1hr d) If the status is Captured - Then the recharge has been done e) Authorised - Then the recharge has been done We’ve now enabled the convenience fee feature on Razorpay, allowing us to pass payment gateway charges to the seller at the time of transaction. The fee amount varies based on the selected payment method. The convenience fee is automatically added to the seller’s payable amount at Razorpay checkout after they choose a payment method. This change applies only to Razorpay transactions. This is not applicable for other payment gateways or payment modes like Smart Collect. 2.Introduction of Convenience Fee on Credit Card Recharges We’ve now enabled the convenience fee feature on Razorpay, allowing us to pass payment gateway charges to the seller at the time of transaction. The fee amount varies based on the selected payment method. The convenience fee is automatically added to the seller’s payable amount at Razorpay checkout after they choose a payment method. This change applies only to Razorpay transactions. This is not applicable for other payment gateways or payment modes like Smart Collect. FAQs Who handles the fee? The convenience fee is applied by Razorpay and varies based on the card type (Debit, Credit – Master, Visa & Amex, Prepaid). What changes for the seller? If a seller makes a payment of ₹1,000 using a card, the total amount payable will be ₹1,025 (including convenience fee + 18% GST). How will it reflect in the Passbook? Credit Entry: ₹1,025 (full amount paid) Debit Entry: ₹25 (convenience fee) Invoice Details: An invoice will be generated only for the convenience fee amount (₹25) in real-time. Note: These changes went live on 28th Aug 2025 Dates of updates :- 1. The convenience fee for card payments started being charged through Razorpay on 7th July 2025. 2. Initially , the corresponding entries for convenience fees were not reflected in the Passbook . So, we are manually raising invoices for the convenience fee charged between 7th July and 14th August 2025. 3. From 14th August 2025 onwards, convenience fee entries have been automated and are now visible in the Passbook. 4. We also observed that some transactions were using UPI with RuPay Credit Cards. So, we have implemented an additional check for this scenario, which went live on 28th August 2025 . Scenario 1: If no payment status visible on razorpay 1) I would like to request you to share the screenshot of transaction ID on email & once you shares the screenshot then please allow us a maximum of two days, to get back to you with update . Nugget Ticket Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Tech Desk Agent Assign :- NA Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Awating Customer Response Subject :- Amount deducted from bank but balance not reflecting in panel Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- NFCR Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Wallet Balance Sub Category :- Unable to Recharge Balance Issue Details :- Amount deducted from bank but balan ce not reflecting in panel Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA Scenario 2: Seller shared the transaction id screenshot I would like to inform you that i am escalating your issue and request you to please wait for 1-2 Working days. Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day Nugget Ticket Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Finance Desk Agent Assign :- NA Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Awating Customer Response Subject :- Amount deducted from bank but balancce not reflecting in panel Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- NFCR Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Wallet Balance Sub Category :- Unable to Recharge Balance Issue Details :- Amount deducted from bank but balancce not reflecting in panel Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA