# Return Order

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/return-order

Back How to create Return? Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab / Click on Internal ICRM > Click on seller info Inform seller about following :- I would like to inform you that return order option available in all the plans. There are two main ways through which you can create return or ders : From ‘Delivered’ order Manual Return order 1. From Delivered Orders Please follow the steps below to create a reverse order from ‘delivered’ orders: Go to the ‘Orders’ tab in the left menu Now, click on 'All Orders For all shipments that have been marked as ‘Delivered’, you will automatically find a ‘Create Return’ option. Click on ‘Returns’ A new page with prefilled details about your order will open By default, your buyer’s address will become the pick-up address. By default, your pick up address will become the destination You can change your drop address or add a new address if you have multiple saved addresses 2.) Manual Reverse orders You can create a manual return order by following the steps below: a) Go to the ‘Returns’ tab in the left panel b) Now, click on 'Add Return'. c) You will be redirected to a new page where you will have to fill in details like: Pickup POC Details Add your buyer's address and contact details here. Make sure you enter the right phone number and email address, as we use the same for all further communication. Next, add your buyer's complete address with a landmark, if possible Pickup Proactive Before 1pm will be picked up same day and rest after 1pm creation will be picked next day. below are available courier Shadowfax Reverse Delhivery Reverse Xpressbess reverse-" <undefined> Order Details Please provide the return order ID or click on Generate. Mention the date on which return order created, and return order channel name Product Details Mandatory section -SKU ,quantity & price. However, we recommend you provide other product details as well that include the brand name, color, HSN, discount details, etc Return Reason Go ahead and select the reason for the return that your buyer has shared with you. You can also upload pictures of your product along with a comment if there's any. Delivery Address Add your warehouse/office/storehouse address here, where you would like to receive the delivery of your return order Weight and dimensions We would suggest you take help from your return product's weight & dimensions to fill this information Payment Details By default, we are considering prepaid in payment details as it's a return order Finally, go ahead and create your return order Once the return order is created it will be displayed in the ‘returns’ tab. You can click on the ‘Initiate Return’ tab to ship your return order. Few important pointers :- Manifest & label is not required to download from panel, Courier person will carry label at the time of pickup Cutt off timing is below mentioned: Ecom Reverse – 6 AM Shadowfax Reverse – 10 AM Delhivery Reverse – Pickup will be scheduled the next day Xpressbess reverse- 11 Am If pickup of return order is delayed then issue needs to be raised to FM LOPS Nugget Ticket Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Lops Shipment Pickup Agent Assign :- As per courier Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Open Subject :- Return pickup required Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- NFCR Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Shipment Pickup Sub Category :- Pickup Requested Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA