# RTO-NDR SOP

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/rto-ndr-sop

Back RTO-NDR SOP Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab / Click on Internal ICRM . 2) Click on View details > Click on Shipment section Inform ation- RTO NDR- If your RTO shipment does not get delivered to you due to any reason, the shipment status will change to RTO NDR and you will have to take action on the NDR in order request another delivery attempt. Path (Seller Panel):- Path = Order > Orders > Rto > Select the filter of RTO NDR > Go to the action option > Click Reattempt option You can take action by clicking on the reattempt option You can also check the action history by clicking on view history. While taking action on RTO NDR, you can change phone number and address. (Only applicable for Delhivery, Ecom express and Xpressbees) You can also select the reattempt date and upload call recordings of your and FE conversation. Important Points- You can take action for reattempt within 10 days from the date of RTO NDR. If the action is not taken within 10 days then the shipment will be disposed off. You can take action for reattempt only once. If the second delivery attempt fails, then the shipment will be disposed off. The RTO rejected tab shows all the rejected RTO shipments by you. You can check the list of disposed off shipment by applying status filter. About email notification: You will get three notifications, When an RTO NDR is raised, an email notification will be sent to you, in 4 hours of span, including the AWBs till that time. W e will mention in the email that you have only 10 days left to take action against these orders . Further, you will receive the same notification on 5th day & 9th day to take action for your RTO-NDR shipment. Further assistance:- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing- Thank you for calling in Shiprocket, have a nice day. Nugget Ticket f or FCR Cases Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Call Center Agent Assign :- Own Name Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Resolved Subject :- Reattempt Request RTO NDR Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- Yes Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Shipment NDR & RTO Sub Category :- Re-attempt Requested -RTO Delivery Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA If seller is unable to take re-attempt action, then the tagging would be : Nugget Ticke t for NFCR Cases Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Lops Delivery Agent Assign :- As per courier Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Open Subject :- Reattempt Request RTO NDR Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- NFCR Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Shipment NDR & RTO Sub Category :- Re-attempt Requested -RTO NDR Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA