# RTO Escalation in Shiprocket

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/rto-escalation-in-shiprocket

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Back RTO Escalation in Shiprocket Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to Shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? We are introducing a new Escalation feature in the seller panel, which will allow you to escalate delays in the RTO delivery, you can directly escalate it from Shiprocket account by login your seller panel. Ques 1: When is a seller allowed to escalate an RTO Delay? Answer: We calculate the RTO Estimated Delivery Date (RTO EDD) based on the SLAs of each zone. If a shipment is in either RTO Initiated or RTO In Transit statuses and its RTO EDD is breached, we display an Escalate button to the seller. RTO EDD criteria: a) The following RTO TATs do not include the RTO Initiated date and we are keeping RTO SLAs static. We are also excluding Sundays in the RTO EDD calculation (Snap pasted above) b) Zone Description:- Zone A- Within City Zone B- Within State Zone C - Metro to Metro Zone D- Rest of India, except North east and J&K Zone E - North east and J&K Ques 2: Where can the seller raise RTO Escalation? Answer: RTO Escalation can be raised either from the RTO tab or the All tab of the Orders screen. Path for RTO Escalation: a) The seller should log in to their account b) Click on the Orders option from the left-hand menu, and then select the RTO tab c) If the RTO EDD has passed, the Escalate button will be displayed on the right-hand side d) The seller can add their comments and easily escalate the delay e) After being escalated, the escalation history is displayed along with the option for multiple communications. Note: Shiprocket will send an email confirmation to the seller after they have raised the escalation. Ques 3: As an Operations person, how can I view this escalation and what actions can I take on it? Answer: An internal flow for ICRM >> Delivery >> RTO Delay Escalation has been added, where you can view the details of each escalation that has been raised. You can act on the escalated issue by changing its status to either "In Progress" or "Closed" and by adding appropriate comments. Ensure that the comments added by you are specific and well-written, as they will be displayed on the seller panel and sent through email. During the "In Progress" stage, you can send multiple communications to the seller. Note: Email notifications will also be sent to sellers for escalation statuses of "In Progress" and "Closed". Bulk Upload: You can update the status of multiple escalations simultaneously by using the Bulk Status Upload feature. The comments added in the CSV file will also be displayed in the seller panel and email communication. Ques 4: Which statuses result in the closure of RTO Delay Escalation? Answer: On the following statuses, RTO delay escalation would automatically close: RTO NDR, RTO delivered, Disposed of, Destroyed, Lost, RTO Acknowledged, Put away Done. We can also manually close the escalation from ICRM. Ques 5: Are we allowing Re-escalations? Answer: Sellers may escalate again within 48 hours from the date of Escalation closure. Ques 6: What is the RTO delay escalation resolution time? Answer: 72 hours from the raised date. Ques 7: Will this be available on the Support Panel and Decision Tree? Answer: We are currently working on this and will provide you with an update as soon as it becomes available on both the Support panel and Decision Tree. Ques 8: Please share the email communications that we are sending to sellers Answers: Email communication screenshots are attached to this email. Nugget Ticket Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Call Center Channel Email :- NA Agent Assign :- Pratibha Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Resolved Subject :- Change Email ID Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- Yes Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Other Sub Category :- Other Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA Report abuse Report abuse