# RTO Score

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/live/rto-score

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Back RTO Score Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to Ship rocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab / Click on Internal ICRM (Ask for AWB no. in shadow fax cases) Inform seller about the following :- Sir/Ma'am , would to like to inform you that :- RTO Score is a feature introduced to reduce the RTO orders. W e are helping sellers to identify each of their shipments with RTO Score so that they can easily make a decision to remove the risk of RTO for their shipments. For Demo Seller can check the Video on SR panel, Paths :- SR Panel - Settings - Value Added Services - RTO Score - Scroll down and click in option of "See Video". Trial Period :- It's free for 30 days as trial from the date of activation Note - RTO score and settings now won't be visible to engage sellers. What to do for high or Low RTO Scores :- Hight Score :- Take Buyer confirmation before Shipping Take Purchase confirmation before Shipping Low Score :- Ship Order of any Minimum Value. No Pre confirmation required. Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Ship rocket. Have a nice day Note: How to check VAS activation and deactivation via ICRM: Login to seller panel >> Enter Comp ID or registered number>> Click on View Details>> Click on Tech Product. Charges Tagging Benefits Activation Report abuse Report abuse