# SAAS Plan (Downgrade)

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/saas-plan-downgrade

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation SAAS Plan(Downgrad) Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab 2) Check the plan of seller from ICRM 3) Check plan activation date from WHMCS in Products/ Services section 4) Check whether seller contacted within or after 30 days from date of plan activation 5) Check if the SAAS invoices are paid or unpaid Scenario 1- Seller contacted within 30 days from date of plan activation Inform seller :- Try to retain,ask for reason Inform remaining amount can not be refunded Inform about 10 days grace period also and you can easily use the plan rates for free for additional 10 days On 11th day plan will be automatically migrated to Lite plan. Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day. Nugget Ticket Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Call Center Agent Assign :- Own Name Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Resolved Subject :- Downgrade plan request Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- Yes Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Plan Related Sub Category :- Downgrade Plan Issue Details :- Low volume of orders Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA Scenario2- Seller contacted when plan duration is about to complete or 30 days over and in grace period Ask If seller wants to downgrade the plan and 30 days duration is completed then agent needs to request the reason for downgrade from the seller and try to retain the seller. Inform about ongoing 10 days grace period and can be used for remaining days On 11th day plan will be automatically migrated to Lite plan. Further if the seller is reluctant to understand then the ticket should be assigned to Finance Desk. Inform the path to downgrade the plan from seller panel Seller Panel path >> downgrade (blue button on the right side) >> the plan will be downgraded immediately. Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day. Nugget Ticket Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Finance Desk Agent Assign :- Priya/ Manisha Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Open Subject :- Downgrade plan request Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- NFCR Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Plan Related Sub Category :- Downgrade Plan Issue Details :- Low volume of orders Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA Report abuse Report abuse