# Shipment SR Secure

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/shipment-sr-secure

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Shiprocket Secure Secure Policy Scenario :- Seller called to know about Shiprocket secure. Opening:- Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to Shiprocket. My Name is ___. How may I help you? Assurance:- I will surely assist you regarding your concern. Information- There are two ways through which you can opt for SR secure- Selective Secure: You can secure your individual shipments, which values above Rs. 50 00 and below Rs. 4,76,190 . How to opt- 1. While creating the order manually- In order details you will get an option to choose secure shipment. You can select "yes" if you want to secure your shipment. 2. Based on your selection, the freight cost will increase and the shipment will get secured. 3. You can also do the same on bulk shipments as well. If you select multiple shipments and click Ship, then you are prompted with the same secured and unsecured selection and based on your requirement all shipments between Rs. 500 0 and Rs. 4,76,190 are secured. Blanket Secure: You can also choose to cover all your shipments in the 500 0 - 4,76,190 bracket. After enabling this option, all the shipments above Rs 5000 and below Rs 4,76,190 will be secured automatically. Path- Seller panel>>Settings>>Shipment features>>Secure shipment Once enabled, You will not be shown the secured-unsecured toggle and will automatically get all your shipments secured. The claim amount will be credited to the bank account if the shipment value is more than 5000 The claim amount will be credited to the wallet if the shipment value is upto 5000 Note : Secure facility is not available in return shipments. For shipments valued between Rs 5 000 marked as lost and secured, the full amount will be automatically processed into the seller's wallet within 5 to 7 business days. Please be aware that such cases can be identified by the "Sr Secured" tag in ICRM, specifically under the shipping charges option. In the event that a shipment exceeds a value of 5K and is secured, it will undergo the final claim settlement process with our insurer. Such cases can be identified by 'Symbo'. Their TAT for resolution in such cases is estimated at 15 to 20 working days. Going forward, for all Secure cases where the claim refund timeline has been breached , the following actions will be taken by the CS & CC teams : Scenario 1: Claim Amount < ₹5,000 A ticket will be raised to the FOPS team . FOPS will internally cross-check the details and respond to the seller with the updated refund timeline or request any additional requirements from the seller. Scenario 2: Claim Amount > ₹5,000 A ticket will be raised to Vipin in Secure (advisor to select channel “SR Secure”). Vipin will cross-check the details and update the ticket with internal notes. Vipin will also update the tracker. The CC team will then: Outbound call the seller to inform them of the updated refund timeline or any additional requirements . Update the ticket with internal notes. Update the tracker accordingly. This process is being implemented to ensure timely communication with sellers and improved tracking of refund cases. FAQs of Shipment Secure (Only if seller asks) Question- What is the Percentage of the amount deducted for insurance? Answer- Insurance Amount: Convenience Fee + Policy premium(For B2C) ⦁ We updated the pricing for insurance premium. The revised insurance premium is 0.79% of the base shipment value. ⦁ Convenience Fee (Including GST): 0.32% of the Net total (105% of shipment value) ⦁ Policy premium: 0.15% of the Net total (105% of shipment value) + 18% GST Question-Will insurance cover the RTO and return shipment as well? Answer- Secure service is available in RTO but not available in return shipments Question-Will there be any changes in shipment damage policies? Answer-Depends on the insurance company Question-Will GST be mandatory or not to avail the insurance? Answer-GST for the customer is not mandatory Question-Who can avail insurance? Is it based on plan/Tier? Answer- Everyone Question-How can we check if the amount has been charged for insurance for a particular shipment? Answer-In ICRM>shipping details>shipping charges; one can view whether a specific AWB is insured or not and Insurance amount and its bifurcation. Question-Will I get the freight refund benefit or only the insured value in case of damage/lost shipment? Answer-Yes, you will get the freight refund in both lost and damage cases ( provided it has been confirmed by the courier). In case of lost, will get the entire invoice value.The reimbursement for damage shipment is subjective. Question-The insurance amount will be credited in the bank account or SR wallet? Answer- For shipments valued between Rs 500 0 marked as lost and secured, the full amount will be automatically processed into the seller's wallet within 3 to 4 business days. Rest for the shipment above 5K amount will be processed in Bank account. Question- If the shipment is damaged in transit will I be eligible for the insured amount. Answer- Yes, if it meets the terms and conditions. Question- What will be the scenario if I take insurance on perishable/banned/restricted goods? Answer- If the item insured through SR platform is not covered in the insurance policy then no claims can be given. Question-In case the customer snatches the product, will I be eligible for the insurance or not? Answer-Sorry, but you will not be eligible for claim in case of snatching Question- Will I get tax benefits from the insurance? Answer- No. Question-What will be the TAT of insurance claim to credit? Answer- For shipments valued between Rs 500 0 marked as lost and secured, the full amount will be automatically processed into the seller's wallet within5-7 business days . In the event that a shipment exceeds a value of 5K and is secured, it will undergo the final claim settlement process with our insurer. Such cases can be identified by 'Symbo'. Their TAT for resolution in such cases is estimated at 15 to 20 working days . Questions-On label, will it be mentioned that the shipment is Secured/unsecured? Answer-No Question-F rom which email id I will receive Insurance related email ? Answer-sr.insuranceclaims@shiprocket.com Question-Is the insurance policy available on SR website? Answer-The terms and condition for the insurance policy are available. Question-Will there be any changes in the damage policy if I get my shipment damaged due to poor packaging/ inner shipment damage but outer packaging intact. Answer- No, If the courier says the damage has been done due to poor packaging, then its claim will be rejected. Question-What all documents are required for the insurance claim ? Answer- Agent will inform the seller that its courier based. Question-Incase seller approaches first in the insurance case, then what needs to be done Answer-Assign the ticket to Finance Desk only when damage/lost has been confirmed by the courier. Team will connect with seller in 2 working days. Nugget Ticket (Gen eral inquiry about SR secure) Seller User :- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Call Center Channel Email :- NA Agent Assign :- Own Name Ticket Priority :- Low Subject:- Secure Shipments Body:- NA Private Notes :- Advisor will add th e notes Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- Yes Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC:- NA SR Issue Category:- Other Sub Category :- Other Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA Nugget Ticket (For Claim of shipment value Below 5000) Seller User :- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Financ e Desk Channel Email :- NA Agent Assign :- Priya / Manisha Ticket Priority :- Low Subject:- Amount not Recieved for Lost Cancelled shipment Body:- NA Private Notes :- Advisor will add the notes Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- Yes Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC:- NA SR Issue Category:- Other Sub Category :- Other Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA Nugget Ticket (For Claim of shipment value Below 5000) Nugget Ticket ( For Claim of shipment value above 5000 ) Seller User :- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Finance Desk Channel Email :- NA Agent Assign :- Priya / Manisha Ticket Priority :- Low Subject:- Claim not received Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- Yes Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC:- NA SR Issue Category:- SR_Secure Claim Sub Category :- Claim not received Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA Report abuse Report abuse