# Shiprocket Exchange

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/home/shiprocket-exchange

Exchange Enabled Seller Limited Launch: Shiprocket Exchange for SMB Sellers What is Shiprocket Exchange? Shiprocket Exchange (2-step Exchange) feature is a seamless exchange order management system for sellers. The focus is on driving the feature with a specific set of sellers using return service and sellers looking only for an exchange feature, and its adoption by educating sellers on the benefits, streamlining the process, and ensuring a smooth transition from returns to exchanges. Benefits Increase Revenue: Boost sales by offering exchanges, minimizing revenue loss & keeping customers engaged. Buyer Retention: A clear exchange policy on the website boosts Add to Cart & Checkout rates while increasing repeat purchases by 30%. Verified Returns: Boost trust with doorstep quality checks to validate returned items before processing exchanges. Less Manual Effort- Seamless Automated & workflows: Automate approvals of the buyer's exchange request on selected exchange reasons from the tracking page, and courier assignments to cut manual effort. Quick guide about the feature Exchange FAQs Document (Available on Co-Pilot) PFA SOP Couriers Handling Exchange Orders The Exchange order will be handled by the same courier partners currently serviceable. Think of it as a two-step process: The Exchange Return order will be picked up from the customer by the reverse courier partner, and The Exchange Forward order will be delivered to the customer by the forward courier partner. On Exchange Activation 1. Pop-Up on Seller Account We are showing this pop-up to sellers who have the Exchange feature enabled on their account, with a button to redirect them to the Settings Page. The settings page will help seller manage Exchange on required reasons of the buyer, automate exchange requests and courier assignment for Exchange return and Exchange forward both. 2. Change in Left Menu Tab and Returns Page How to Raise an Activation Request? We will be rolling it out in upcoming phases for another set of sellers. However, if any seller raises an activation request, please share the details through the Google Form . We will enable this feature on the same day. STANDARD PROCEDURE WITH TURN AROUND TIMES FOR EXCHANGE REPLACEMENT SHIPMENT (FORWARD) PRE-SHIP GUIDELINES ● At the time of adding an order, ensure entering and cross verifying buyer details, preferably add an alternate contact number and landmark to ensure smooth last mile delivery. Important - Payment mode and Address for different Pin code cannot be changed for In-transit shipment ● In case of future claims, it is important to enter correct product description and value of the product. ● Entering correct deadweight and dimensions measured after final packaging is important for calculation of current freight charges for your order. ● Important – Absence of correct buyer and product details or adequate transit worthy packaging may result in shipment being returned from origin with no refunds applicable. Tip - Use brand tape packaging to avoid theft/stolen issues. Pack your shipments in compact condition or in a manner so that volumetric weight does not get increased. Pickup generated at any given time during the day shall be scheduled for next day. In case of reverse pickup (returned from buyer), turnaround time (TAT) is 48 hours. ● Checklist for shipment handover: o Customer Invoice (to be kept inside packaging) o Label pasted on top of the parcel post packaging o Download &amp; print 2 copies of Manifest ● Proof of Pick Up - signed by the field executive mentioning the shipment count handed over, contact number &amp; date of pickup ● To be handed to field executive ● In case of return pickup, inform the buyer to collect acknowledgment slip as proof of pick up from the field executive. ● Quality check at the time of pickup will be done only if enabled on seller panel before creating order. ● Pickup not attempted within 24-hour time should be escalated via seller panel. Attempt on the escalation raised via panel shall be done within 48 hours of escalation. ● Shipment picked but not showing under Shipped status on the panel should be escalated within 72-Hour from pickup with signed manifest, count and pickup date. In case of return Shipments, acknowledgment slip will be required. POST-SHIP GUIDELINES 1) When raising an escalation on undelivered orders , use valid proofs like call recording with buyer or chat screenshot with buyer to escalate fake attempt via the panel directly. 2) In-Transit shipment for RTO is not a guaranteed service provided by the courier, so in this case inform your customer to not accept the parcel if delivery is attempted. 3) Post-Delivery disputes like Delivered status marked but not received can be raised via panel Requesting Proof of Delivery to confirm the details of the delivery. TAT for raising such requests is 72 hours from date of delivery. Upon request, POD will be uploaded within 10 working days. 4) POD Disputes, if any, need to be raised from panel within 48-Hours of receipt of POD. Resolution on such disputes will be shared on the panel itself within 10 working days. 5) Post-Delivery Dispute like Damaged/Wrong/Partial/Empty Parcel Received should be raised via ticket with below stated proofs: ● Images/videos of pre-Shipped final package and post-delivery shipment showing outer Packaging and inner content of the parcel. ● Unpacking video of the shipment received. Same should be made in case of suspicion. Important – Make sure to mention negative remarks on the POD at the time of accepting a shipment. No claim will be entertained in the absence of negative remarks. Important – In case of reverse shipments, Shiprocket will not be liable for wrong/missing product and same will need to be directly taken up with the buyer. FREIGHT REFUND POLICIES 1) If a shipment is marked Lost, actual order value or INR 2500 whichever is lower is automatically initiated in 3-4 working days. 2) Shipments with order value of more than Rs. 2500 need to be insured at seller end only. Please note that refund does not cover liquid/food items. 3) Shiprocket shall not be liable for the delivery of Banned, Restricted, Illegal, hazardous, or Prohibited items which are in breach of any applicable law. Product contents such as cash and Precious jewelry are also not allowed. 4) In case of delivery failure reasons like ODA (Out of Delivery Area) and OTP verified customer refusal to accept a shipment, no refund will be applicable. Important - Shipments which are undelivered due to ODA location will not show under NDR tab, so in this case ask you may also ask your customer to collect the parcel from the branch. You may get in touch with your key account manager for further information. STANDARD PROCEDURE WITH TURN AROUND TIMES FOR EXCHANGE RETURN PICKUP (REVERSE) Exchange SOP