# SHIPCOIN

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/shipcoin

SHIPCOIN Q1. FAQ 1 :-Where can I check my Shipcoins? out can check the balance at the top right icon on the myShiprocket app. Click on the coins to get more details FAQ2.How can I earn Shipcoins? For every order which is fulfilled by Shiprocket, buyer will receive – 1% of the order value OR 250 shipcoins (whichever is minimum) FAQ 3 : - What is the validity of Shipcoins? Shipcoins are valid for 12 months from the date it is credited in the wallet. For example, shipcoins earned on 1st August, 2023 will expire on 31st July, 2024. Buyer can check the shipcoins balance via myShiprocket app FAQ4.How can I use Shipcoins? Buyer can use Shipcoins in availing attractive gifts and rewards from all the leading brands FAQ 5.When will Shipcoins be credited to my account? Buyer will receive Shipcoins on each order delivery and can use those Shipcoins to buy other services online via partner payment gateway' FAQ 6.Can I transfer Shipcoins to my friends or families? No. Shipcoins are not transferable to any other member. FAQ 7. How can Buyer utilize these coins? Ans – Buyer can use these coins while ordering from attached brands only. (PFA - list of 3376 brands) Steps are :- - Buyer needs to choose pay with reward option while processing for payment option Enter OTP sent to the device & submit. Points will be added to the order and discount will be applied to the order. FAQ 8. Will Seller have any knowledge or visibility of shipcoins ? Ans- No this is only for Buyers.