# Shiprocket Ambassador Program

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/live/shiprocket-ambassador-program

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Back Shiprocket Ambassador Program Execution :- To be pitched on every FCR call wherein Seller ends the call with a satisfied note. Product Updated in website - https://www.shiprocket.in/partners/ Script Sir/Ma’am, I would like to inform you about our new Shiprocket Ambassador program. Through this program, you can refer your friends or family members to Shiprocket, and you will receive cashback in between Rs.250 to 3000Rs. Can I share the details of the program with you. If yes Sir/Ma’am you just need to get the account activated for your friend or family member through a special link, which we will provide you. Once they first time recharge their account, you will get Rs.250/ cashback in your Shiprocket wallet. Post that you can earn Rs. 750/, Rs.1000/ & Rs.3000/ as soon as your referee successfully does 10, 100 & 1000 shipments respectively. Should I share the link details with you? If yes continue with the steps on how a seller can get the referral code. FAQ 1 How will I get the referral code? Ans :- Sure Sir/Ma’am, let me help you with that, are you on your panel right now? If Yes – Sir/Ma’am, please click on the top right corner of the panel with the human Icon-then click on refer and earn here you will be able to see your referral code FAQ 2 How can I share the referral code with all from the panel? Ans – a) You can directly copy the code and share it with your contacts. b) You can send email and SMS directly from the panel by entering your email Id and mobile number. c) You can use the available social media platforms like -Facebook, twitter, Gmail,LinkedIn, or WhatsApp from the panel itself. d) Also, after this call you will receive an email with the referral code which you can share with your friends and family, Mail Template:- Dear Sir/Ma'am, As discussed over the call kindly click on the following link to participate in our " Shiprocket Ambassador Program "You can refer your friend or family members and earn exciting rewards. https://app.shiprocket.in/referral Rewards:- You will earn Rs.250 when the referee successfully signs up with Shiprocket and makes the first recharge. You will earn Rs.750 w hen the referee crosses the milestone of 10 shipments You will earn Rs.1000 When the referee achieves the milestone of 100 shipments You will earn Rs.3000 When the referee crosses the exceptional milestone of 1000 shipments. Report abuse Report abuse