# Shopify Sync Issue

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/shopify-sync-issue

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Shopify Sync Issue FAQ 1: My Shopify Channel on SR App is showing an "Authentication failed" error. Resolution: Inform Seller - "Sir/Ma'am, due to a technical glitch, the Shopify channel is encountering an authentication failed error. But don't worry, you simply need to proceed with re-authentication from your seller panel. Please follow these steps: Go to Setup & Manage > Channels. Select the Shopify channel. Click on the "Re-authenticate" option. This should resolve your issue. FAQ 2: I have received a message to re-authenticate my Shopify channel, why? Resolution: Inform Seller - "Sir/Ma'am, you have received this notification from our end because the Shopify channel is encountering an authentication failed error due to a technical glitch. To resolve this, you simply need to proceed with re-authentication from your seller panel. Please follow these steps: Go to Setup & Manage > Channels. Select the Shopify channel. Click on the "Re-authenticate" option. Message sent to seller: "Hi Shiprocket sellers, We encountered a glitch while re-syncing your Shopify connections, affecting our ability to update courier status on Shopify for Shiprocket orders. Your Shopify order creation on Shiprocket remains unaffected. To fix this: Go to Setup & Manage > Channels. Select your Shopify channel with 'Authentication failed'. Click 'Re-Authenticate'. Log in into shopify if prompted. You're all set!" Nugget Ticket Taggi ngs : Phone number :- Calling number Email :- S eller's registered email id FCR :- Resolved Issue category :- integration and APIs Sub category :- Channel integration issue Type :- Query Status :- Resolved Courier Company :- NA AWB Number :- NA Subject :- Shopify Sync Issue Additional information :- NA Request for call back :- NA Please enter your number :- NA Group :- Customer Support Call Center Agent :- OWN LOPS action :- NA FOPS action :- NA Tech support actions :- NA Name :- NA Description :- Steps:- 1. Route: Setup & Manage(left menu) > Channels 2. Click the ‘Edit button’ against the Shopify channel with the status ‘Authentication failed’ that you want to re-connect. 3. Click on the 'Re-Authenticate' button on the top left of the screen. 4. On redirection to your Shopify account, please enter your login credentials if prompted. Report abuse Report abuse