# Shyplite

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/shyplite

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Back Shyplite FAQ Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab ,verify shyplite ID in google sheet Inform seller about :- 1. What is the status of my a) Existing in-transit shipments b) Status of already raised tickets c) What will happen to my wallet balance Ans - For all the existing shipments booked at Shyplite For the current status of of already raised Tickets For you wallet balance related quires Kindly contact with Shyplite Support team on their Helpline (9643318580) or you contact them over the Email on ( support@shyplite.com ) Hindi :- Ans- Sir aapke existing shipments, wallet aur tickets se related information ke liye aap direct shyplite se contact kar sakte hai. Aap Shyplite ke support help line number – 9643318580 pe call kar sakte hai ya aap support@shyplite.com pe email bhej sakte hai 2. Why is my business being moved to Shiprocket/ why is my Shyplite account being terminated? Ans - This is an outcome of the strategic business agreement entered-in by both Shiprocket and Shyplite recently. To ensure smooth continuation of logistic operations for all sellers, Shiprocket will provide dedicated help and support the way you have been getting till now. Hindi :- Sir/Ma’am, Shiprocket aur Shyplite ke beech mein ek business agreement ke karan ye movement hua hai and aapko kisi bhi tarah se koi pareshani na ho isliye Shiprocket ke taraf se aapko complete help and support provide kiya jayega 3. What will be the new SOPs or SLAs after moving to Shiprocket? Ans - Shiprocket's standard policies and SLAs will apply. (Call to be managed the way it is done for new Shiprocket sellers) For full details or any query, please login to the Shiprocket's panel Hindi :- Sir/Ma’am, Ab aap humare sath jud chuke hai isliye ab aap shiprocket ke services ke accordingly hi saare shipements kar payenge If seller asks for written document :- Sure Sir/Ma’am, details apko mail ke through send kar diya jayega. If seller asks for written document- kindly tell him that mail will be sent to their registered email id by our team. An agent will fill the tracker and raise FCR ticket. 4. What will be freight that I will be charged by Shiprocket? Ans - You can login to the Shiprocket's panel to look at the current rates that shall be levied. - (Call to be managed the way it is done for new Shiprocket sellers) Hindi :- Sir, Ma’am, aap shiprocket seller panel ke rate calculator tab ko use kar ke shipements ke freight charges ke baare mein jaan sakte hai. Mention path :- Panel > Tools> Rate calculator. If seller insist for better or other plans To enquire about our premium paid plans for better pricing, please reach out to your KAM For Non-KAM sellers, Pipedrive to filled for the sales team to share the best plans-TAT of 24hrs to be given Hindi :- for KAM :- Aap apne KAM se direct connect kar ke apne requirements ke accordingly best plan check kar sakte hai ( agent will share the KAM details if customer is unaware of ) Hindi :- for Non- KAM :- Sir/Ma’am, main apke liye hamare sales specialists se call back arrange karwa deti hun aapko 24hrs ke ander call back aayega , wo apko apke requirements ke hisab se best plan suggest karenge 5. Will I get account management support at Shiprocket? Ans - Shiprocket assigns account management basis prevailing shipment volume trends of the seller- (Call to be managed the way it is done for Shiprocket sellers) If seller insist for the KAM even the current volume is not as per the Shiprocket eligibility- data on Mail to be shared with Abhinav Nigam for the assessment clarity, post which written revert to be sent to seller. Hindi :- Sir/Ma’am, aapko batana chahungi dedicated account manager assignment hum apko apke monthly no. of shipments ke accordingly hi kar payenge, Future mein jaise jasise apke monthly shipments increase hongey apko hamari taraf se contact kar liya jayega 6. What is the email ID if Seller wants to write to us? Ans- If seller want to write to us than they can do on the below mentioned mail ID support-shyplite@shiprocket.com 7. Tagging will be done in following path: Issue Category --> Others --> Sub Category--> Shyplite Queries> Group- Shyplite Support> Agent- Swati Jaiswal 8. An agent can refer to the sheet while communicating with Shyplite Seller , have this saved in agent’s system 9. Incase Seller requests for KAM assignment ,Sales-plan related (fill pipe drive too)& Documented email from us for SOP ( raise FCR ticket too) below tracker needs to be filled and share with Abhishek Gaur . - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18VWSfH3tsNWE1IGyJL9foYgEGTl0s5MkUskECJEhXEI/edit?usp=sharing - Ensure to fill the 2 nd sheet with name- Shiprocket Company IDs “ Column -K,L & M” FD Ticket Phone number :- Calling number Email :- S eller's registered email id FCR :- FCR-Addressed Issue category :- Others Sub category :- Shyplite e nquiry Type :- Query Status :- FCR- R esolved Courier Company :- NA AWB Number :- NA Subject :- Shyplite enquiry Additional information :- NA Request for call back :- NA Please enter your number :- NA Group :- Shyplite support Agent :- Prajjwal LOPS action :- NA FOPS action :- NA Tech support actions :- NA Name :- NA Description :- Seller wanted to know about shyplite account details /shyplite shipments / reason of transfer ,Information shared Report abuse Report abuse