# Split Shipment

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/split-shipment

Definition :- Split Shipment allows the sellers the ship partial shipments as per available stock. Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab Inform seller about :- I would like to inform you that by enabling split shipment in your account, you will be able to Fulfill Orders partially based on the SKU's availability in your warehouse also p rovide faster deliveries to your customers by reducing order processing time & s hip different products from different warehouses . This allows you to create 2 shipments with same Mother AWB number, and each of them will be having a Chile AWB number. Path to enable Split shipment: 1) Log in to your panel >>Settings>> Shipment Feature>> Split Shipment. 2) Turn the toggle on to activate "split shipment" for your account. Note: Split Shipment functionality only works for manual order creation. Steps to create split shipment order : Go to the "Add Order" screen and create your order manually. Once order is created the same will be visible in "Processing" tab Now, select your order from "Processing" tab and click on "Ship Now". A pop up will open where you need to select the checkbox for all the product(s) that need to be shipped. You can also update each product's quantity based on availability. Update your shipment package weight accordingly. Finally, click on the "split and ship now" button to proceed. You can then choose your preferred courier partner to ship your order. Once the pickup for partial shipment is scheduled according to courier selection then you will be redirected back to processing tab From "Processing" tab you can schedule pickup for remaining partial shipment Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day FD Ticket:- Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Call Center Agent Assign :- Pratibha Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Resolved Subject :- Split Shipment Query Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- Yes Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Other Sub Category :- Other Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA