# SR Assured (Verified Seller)

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/sr-assured-verified-seller

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation SR Assured (Verified Seller) Q1.What needs to be done if a non-SR Assured buyer connects to SR Assured support helpline? Ans- The agent will inform the buyer that since this seller is not an SR-Assured seller the buyer should contact the seller customer care Q2. For an approved refund in case of DNR/wrong/defective or damaged product will SR provide the refund to the buyer and send a debit note to the Seller or SR will wait for the Seller to provide a refund? Ans – SR will issue the refund and send a debit note to the Seller- Q3. 14 days TAT will be for all the cases? Ans- Yes. If the case isn’t solved within 14 days, for the purpose of the pilot, Shiprocket will make exceptions and underwrite the products. This will be done once for a buyer-seller combination. a) How can the agent check the repeat incident of dispute created by the same buyer for the same seller (Same Seller – buyer combination) ? A repeat incident only occurs if it’s for the same AWB. A buyer-seller pair may have multiple incidents. b) If repeat incident is identified, what will be the denial communication that needs to be provided to the buyer? For a repeat on the same AWB, agent to inform the buyer that the issue has either been resolved, or is under resolution, or has breached the 3-calendar day mark for raising disputes. Q4. What will be the callback TAT that CS agents will provide to the buyer on call/email from (KAM)? Ans- Standard call-back TAT (48 hours) Q5. What will be the resolution TAT that CS agents will provide to the buyer on call/email from (KAM)? Ans- Maximum of 14 days after they raise the issue Q6. What needs to be done if a buyer approaches after 3 days of product delivery Ans- If a buyer approaches after 3 calendar days from the delivery date, the agent to inform the buyer that the date has been breached. However, for the purpose of the pilot, the agent to inform relevant KAM about such instances. Q7. If the buyer sends an email to support id then what will be actionable for the CS agent? Ans- The Agent will assign the ticket to the respective dispute-handling team (as is the usual process) and keep the KAM in the loop so he/she is aware. KAM will not contact the buyer and will only talk to the seller for a quick resolution.- Answer under the actionable by CS agent Q8. Once issue is resolved how communication will be sent to the buyer? KAM will provide the final resolution to the buyer through the regular nugget process. Actionable by CS agent :- actions to be taken by CS agent over the call & email Dispute identification over call or on Email · Agent will require an AWB number from the buyer to identify the dispute in the ICRM Actions initiated by agents for the dispute · The agent will initiate the action for the AWB on the ICRM (DNR cases) Panel for the buyers. · The agent will create the nugget ticket with the contact details of the buyer (email & number) and the ticket will be assigned to the respective KAM. · KAMs to further liaison up with the sellers to upload the required documents/ evidence for the dispute on the panel within the TAT for resolution. Action on nugget · The Agent will mention AWB number & Company ID on the subject line. · The Agent will mention about the actions taken on the ticket mail body ( for KAM reference). · All nugget tickets to be tagged as VF_BYR so that the KAMs can identify the tickets for verified buyers. Additional actions · Along with the above actions the agent will send the first response to the buyer to inform them about the actions initiated on their behalf and communicate 14days TAT for resolution. · Post resolution/ completion of the TAT, respective KAM will share the information with the buyers over Email through nugget . Template for first response on email Dear "Buyer Name", Greetings from Shiprocket, We are extremely sorry for the inconvenience you had to face, thanks for sharing your concern, we will surely help you. This is to inform you that we have escalated your concern to the respective team for further action, rest assured we will update you with the status in the next 14 days. Thanks for bearing with us with patience. Thanks & Regards Team Shiprocket ACR Template for first response on email for NFCR Dear Buyer Name, Greetings from Shiprocket, Thanks for sharing your concern. We are extremely sorry for the inconvenience you had to face, we will surely help you. We would request you to kindly share the product image/unboxing video within next 48 hrs. on the same email.Once the required details are shared, the team will start the investigation and update you with the status in next 14 days. Pls note:- If we do not get the revert within mentioned timelines ,this email will get closed automatically. Thanks & Regards Team Shiprocket Below is the snap shot for reference. Report abuse Report abuse