# SR convert

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/live/sr-convert

Back SR convert SR convert is the service that offers to run business campaigns and promotional advertisements for buyers through WhatsApp. This service is offered to SR Engage and Shopify sellers only as of now and in future it will also be available for other channels You will be notified via a " Pop up " on your panel about this service You can run multiple campaigns at the same time. You can use templates for messaging ( as Shiprocket is providing 10-15 templates ) or can also customize your own template (alphabets should be in small letters only). In SR convert user can select buyer type as well to run their campaign (notifications will be only shared to selection) such as: You can select those buyers who had not ordered from a certain period of time. e.g- if a buyer is not active from one, two or around six months. If buyer had not placed any order only after checkout on website for a certain period of time. It will also provide option to select frequency of notification that will be sent to buyers, e.g. - (if seller want that notifications should be sent to buyer twice in a month or in every ten day or two days as per his/her consent.) You need to have a positive wallet balance to avail the service. You will be provided a separate panel to avail the service. Activation:- Activation timeline will be 24hrs and if You are looking forward to demo, then it will take 48hrs . (request to be shared with us to forward to the concerned team) Dea ctivation:- Deactivation request will be raised to team and deactivation timeline will be of 24hrs. (For internal use only) For activation Ticket/Requests needs to be shared to Karuna/ Abhishek (NFCR ticket needs to be created in client support Abhishek Gaur ) for further assignment to relevant team. Note:- Activation/Deactivation will be done only from team end, seller will not be able to activate the same from his/her end. Charges:- Charges will be - 1.25 Rs + GST (per whatsApp sent msg) ,charges will be deducted from wallet. Minimum invoice value will be Rs. 2000 ( even if seller is only using Rs. 1000 messaging then at the time of billing remaining 1000 will also be charged from wallet) . Invoices(billing cycle) will be shared within last week of the month. For internal reference only:- Link to check document - ( Refer to below mentioned link to guide seller about the messaging templates and types ) https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hd9FXiBfBHE79EP6V8Fa8LM5A1UddYZb/edit SR Convert- VAS Service Owner- Karansherr & Aryan Jain (SR team) Nugget Ticket (FC R) Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Call Center Channel Email :- NA Agent Assign :- Own Name Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Resolved Subject :- SR convert activation Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- Yes Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Value Added Service Sub Category :- Activation/ Decativation Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA FD Ticket ( if seller want to activate the service.) (NFCR) Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Agent Assign :- Rahul Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Open Subject :- SR convert activation Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- NFCR Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Other Sub Category :- SR convert activation Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA