# SR Engage

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/live/sr-engage

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Back SR Engage Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- * Check SR-Engage activated in ICRM or not . Inform seller about the following:- I appreciate that you have shown interest in our new SR Engage product. Surely I will assist you with SR Engage, you can Improve & enhance the post-purchase experience for your customers through Whatsapp . I would like to inform you that we h ave launched Engage+ , which is the advanced version of Engage. ( All the existing sellers would see the new panel with additional options in the side menu bar. ) What’s new in Engage+: - One suite to handle marketing, sales & customer care to boost growth. - Our improved RTO suite that leverages on speed to reduce shipping costs. - All buyer comms triggered from your own branded number. Key Highlights: Marketing – Remarket with personalized messages, broadcast new offers & products, a ccurate enticing messages with prefilled templates. Commerce – Automate WhatsApp shopping, show catalogue, recommend product suggestions. Care – 24X7 support for buyers, create tickets for unresolved questions, resolve return and refund queries & address – ‘where is my order.’ RTO suite – confirm orders, rectify address, converting cod to prepaid, real-time tracking. Further, one of our product specialists will connect with you in the next 48hrs to provide you with a demo and will showcase, how Engage can help you. IF SELLER AGREES THEN :- Kindly confirm, so that I can arrange a call back for you . ( If seller confirms then arrange a callback and inform) Thanks for the confirmation, you will receive a call back within 48hrs. Wigzo:- Wigzo features: Automations Broadcasting Journey Omni Channel - Whatsapp , SMS , Email FAQ's : 1) Is there any price difference ? - Engage ( RTO suite ) will be at the same price at which they were operating on. - Marketing would ne INR 1.25+tax for per sent message - Commerce and Care - 1 month free trial. 2) Will these additional features be auto activated ? - No, the seller will have to activate it using the panel. 3) Cant see the abandoned cart option? - This has moved into the marketing tab. 4) Will the same number assigned to Engage be used in Marketing ? - Yes, the messages will be sent from the same number and chats will be seen under the All Chats section. 5) Not able to find the integration option to integrate payment gateway? - Integration is under the Settings Option. 6) Can we opt in only for any one feature? - Yes, you can select the feature you want to opt for and for further help you can raise your concern to srengage@shiprocket.com Activation and Deactivation (Click here) Benefits(Engage) (Click here) Engage FAQs (Click here) Free NDR feature discontinuation from Engage (Click here) Charges & Billings (Click here) Tagging (Click here) Report abuse Report abuse