# Tech-Related- FAQ's

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/tech-related-faqs

Tech-Related FAQs:- Why real time order is not synching from channel? There are 3 reason for order not sync 1. If Channel is Amazon only self-ship order will be synced. 2. If Channel is Shopify, only unfulfilled / Unshipped status orders will be synced else not. 3. Other Channels, ask the client to check the status of order sync, channel activation status and Shiprocket account should not be Suspended or Terminated. 4. Check the channel is connected on the seller panel or not if channel is not connected ask seller to reauthenticate (reauthentication button is available for Shopify and Amazon as of now). 5.For Shopify channel channel check the status to fetch as unfulfilled, unshipped is mentioned or not. Also check Pull Prepaid orders with Tags and Pull COD orders with Tags. if these are mentioned in the channel setting page all orders will not get synced only the orders with this will get synced. Therefore if seller want all the orders to get synced ask seller to remove this tag from the channel page. 6. For woocommerec-Legancy API Should be Enabled Rest API - Read/write access should be given. 7. We do not provide any API key for any of the market place channel. When seller try to connect any market place channel it get auto generated from the seller market place channel. 8. Read write access should be provided for every API for every channel and seller can only provide the same. 9. For Shopify email address on Shopify and shiprocket should be same otherwise if shiprocket app install on the Shopify and seller try to access Shiprocket account, new shiprocket account will be created with the same email address mentioned on the Shopify. 10. We sync order only of last 24 hrs from all channel and if channel is diconnected and order is not synced ask seller to reauthenticate and connect the channel. once the channel is connected orders will start getting sync but only of last 24 hrs. Therefore if seller wants older orders to get sync please ask seller to share the date from which they want their orders to sync and raise it to tech team so that tech team can forcefully sync the back dated order. 2. Why real time freight info not availble for all channel except API and Woocommerce Client has to intergrate the channel or API with shiprocket panel, then shipping charges and courier servicevilibity will visible in the website. for this activation we have internal api for Woocommerce only and for ther client can use the external api. Doc link for external api: https://apiv2.shiprocket.in/v1/external/courier/serviceability/ Woocommerce: https://support.shiprocket.in/support/solutions/articles/43000326199-how-do-i-integrate-woocommerce-with-shiprocket- 2. If buyer does change in order on seller's website so same would be update in SR panel or not. Once the order get synced, if any changes happens with order details on website, same changes will not be reflect in the on SR Panel, client can do the changes manually if the status of order is new only. We auto sync the details only from the Shopify if the order the order status is new 4. Seller wanted own tracking page in his website Client can get this activate via POST Ship, Path: SR Panel-->Setting-->Tracking-->Page Settings or use our tracking API to display tracking on their website, however they want. 5. After following all step for Integration still facing Invalid credential related Issue Ask seller shiprocket credentails and market place credentials so that Tech team can check further 8. If seller already enable MPS in SR-panel so seller can process Channel' Order for same or not ? MPS order can be create manually there is no API as of now 9. Pincode serviceablity issue on Woocommerce There are multple reasons to face this issue: 1. Client need to complete the app configuration in the woocommerce store or channel. 2. Client has to update the product information(weight and dimensions in kg/cm) in woocommerce channel for all the products. 3. Client have to add at least one pickup address on their shiprocket account. For real time rates on woocommerce channel client need to follow the mentioned below steps: Login to Woocommerce>>Click on plugins>>Search for "real time rate plugin and activate the same". 10. If a seller adds GST detail in his shopify or woocommerce so the same will sync in our SR-panel or not? yes, if GST is added in the order and we are receiving in the request from the seller ends we will show the same 11. Are we doing integration of Unicommerce or not ? Yes then how? Yes, via external doc, please find the doc link: https://support.shiprocket.in/a/solutions/articles/43000337456 12. seller having issue that freight related info will be visible on checkout page or not? and if the seller will do API integration for that, will it be possible or not? Possible with serviceability API 13. How to generate Token in API ? Need Examples. Following the steps mentioned in the doc link: https://support.shiprocket.in/support/solutions/articles/43000337456-shiprocket-api-document-helpsheet 14. Wix integration is possible via API Inte. ? Yes, via external doc, please find the doc link: https://support.shiprocket.in/a/solutions/articles/43000337456 15. Is buyer communication option available in upgrade Plan (Basic, advance, Pro) Buyer Communication is available with all the plans, if client wants to edit the communication then, client has to upgrade the plan to Enterprise Plan. 16. Seller is unable to recharge error shows "payment gateway error" Ask to share the error snapshot and share with Tech 17. What are reason for pickup error Ask to share the error snapshot if error status is >24hrs and share with Tech, or ask the client to refresh the order 18. Label and manifest is not being downloaded in bulk Please check the logo. If the logo size is greater than 100kb then label and manifest will take time to get download sometimes error might also comes, therefore ask seller to update his/her logo on the channel page and make it upto 30-35kb. 19. Payment mode not sync etc. Ask seller to map payment method id in the channel setting in Map Payment Statuses>Prepaid and this is applicable across all the channel. By default we sync orders as COD if map payment status is not mapped 20. API Token Expired Token is only valid for 10 days, seller needs to regenerate the token again on every 10th days 21. Require API Keys - API API key can be generated through the Authentication API with the API user email and password mentioned on the panel. API user can not be same as registered email address Below are some basic queries done by the sellers at CC, hope this might be helpful for you too- 1 . If a seller adds GST detail in his shopify or woocommerce so the same will sync in our SR-panel or not? Ans: Yes, if the seller passed the GST details via Shopify or WooCommerce in the orders we will fetch the same. 2. Are we doing integration of Unicommerce or not ? Yes then how? Ans: Yes, we are doing integration of Unicommerce via API as this is a third party and Unicommerce will help in the same. 3. seller having issue that freight related info will be visible on checkout page or not? and if the seller will do API integration for that, will it be possible or not? Ans: We do provide these features only for WooCommerce channel as of now. However sellers can use Serviceability API to implement the same at their end.Below is the API Doc URL. API doc URL: https://apidocs.shiprocket.in/#29ff5116-0917-41ba-8c82-638412604916 API URL: https://apiv2.shiprocket.in/v1/external/courier/serviceability/ 4. How to generate Token in API ? Need Examples. Ans: Seller needs to create an API user in the seller panel and using that they can create the token. Please note sellers can not use email id which is registered with Shiprocket for API users. They need to use any different email id for the API user. Sellers can use email and password in the API user in the seller panel. Curl request for the same. curl --location --request POST ' https://apiv2.shiprocket.in/v1/external/auth/login ' \ --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \ --data-raw '{ "email": "", "password": "" }' 5. Wix integration is possible via API Inte. ? Ans: Yes, Shiprocket API can be used as per seller requirement. 6. Is buyer communication option available in upgrade Plan (Basic, advance, Pro) Ans: yes, Buyer communication is available. 7. How to integrate API ? Ans. Go to Settings -> API -> Configure -> Create an API user ->Enter mail ID and password . 8. How to do channel integration ? Ans. Go to channels -> All channels-> Add new channel -> Then select desired channel .