# Transfer Protocol

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/transfer-protocol

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Transfer Protocol L1 to L2 call transfer work flow Important Note - All Social threat, Management or Consumer forum will be live transfer if L2 is not available then TL/ Mentor/QA/ Trainer will take the call. If Seller is asking for next level at L2 end then TL/ QA/ Trainer need to do the callback - No denial will be given to seller. ( Direct transfer is not possible on manger level ) Case 1 L1 advisor gets the call from seller and will gather all the required details like: AWB number’s, previous ticket ID’s, Last resolution provided. If the case is new and no ticket is created previously, the advisor will create a ticket with all details filled. Before the transfer advisor will inform the seller that he/she will check the senior availability and ask for the permission for hold and will share the hold time, and mark RED SOS in the ticket. Discuss the case with L2 and provide the case details like AWB number, Ticket Number, VOC, total hold time and then Transfer the call to L2 Case 2 L2 advisor not available (Not applicable for Management, Consumer forum and Social threat) L1 advisor will refresh the hold and apologies for the long hold and inform the seller that all the seniors are busy now. I can arrange a call back from the seniors ( TAT- 30 Minutes.) Advisor will fill the call back tracker and will update the same in ticket notes and close the call and mark RED SOS in the ticket. Scripts :- L2 advisor opening script: (Internal) Good morning/Afternoon/ Evening your call has been transferred to supervisor desk My name is (share name) how can I help you. L1 advisor will greet the L2 agent (Internal) Good morning/Afternoon/ Evening, my name is Anuj and I have Mr. (seller name) with me and he/she is facing issue (as per query/ complaint) This is the AWB number (share AWB) as I have checked the shipment is RTO without NDR and there is a ticket created (share ticket ID) and the team has given an update on (share date), I have informed him about the resolution that was shared by the team, but he/she(seller) wants to speak to senior. L2 advisor will check the details and will take over the call. While taking transfer call, L2/TL/ Mentors need to follow the below mentioned script :-(While interacting with seller) Thanks for being on hold, your call has been transferred to senior supervisor, really Apology for the time taken in transfer. Since, your issue is ... I would like to inform you that ..... Report abuse Report abuse