# Wallet Balance transfer Request

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/wallet-balance-transfer-request

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Back Wallet Balance transfer Request Opening : Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Welcome to shiprocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? Scenario : Seller wanted to get wallet balance transfer to bank account. System Check :- Click on Seller info in ICRM > Click on Decision tree> Plan Related > Terminate Account Information: Speak : I would like to inform you that you can raise the request for the wallet balance transfer to bank account from you panel only and I will guide you the path for same. Path: Seller Panel > Help & Support > Create Ticket > Category - Finance> Sub category - Transfer Wallet Amount into My Bank Account Note : Advisor will raise FCR Ticket after guiding the seller about the process from seller panel. Incase seller face any issue while raising request from panel then advsior will check below mentioned details and will inform seller accordingly. Path :- ICR M << Seller Info << Decision Tree << Plan Related << Terminate Account Check all the required information mentioned below:- - No open shipment - Account status - Active - Bank/KYC details- updated - COD Unblocked - Ask for reason (reason should be mentioned in notes incase Ticket i s created) - Wallet balance should be +ve (in all linked accounts) I f any of the above ask is NO then refuse seller that seller nee d to wait for all the shipments to be on final stages , wei ght discrepancy to be resolved, bank details to be updated, wallet balance to be positive then can raise request from seller panel. If Yes- then raise to " Customer Support- Finance Desk " , request seller to share panel error while creating ticket from panel And asked seller to wait for 1-2 working days. If seller have wallet balance including coupon value:- Inform Seller to:- Sir/Ma'am I would like to inform you that if you want to transfer you wallet amount to bank account, then wallet amount will be transferred to the bank excluding coupon value. Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Shiprocket. Have a nice day Nugget Ticket- Seller User:- Seller's registered emai id Channel:- Customer Support Finance Desk Agent Assign :- Priya / Manisha Ticket Priority :- Low Status :- Open Subject :- Wallet Balance Transfer Body:- NA Private Notes :- NA Phone:- Calling number Source:- Phone / Chat Type:- Query FCR:- NFCR Escalation Desk/ORM Tag :- NA VOC :- NA SR Issue Category:- Wallet_Balance Sub Category :- Account to Account Wallet Transfer Issue Details :- NA Courier Name:- NA AWB Number :- NA Multiple AWB Number :- NA Multiple Case Scenario :- NA Shipment Status :- NA Jira Link :- NA KAM Action Flag :- NA Report abuse Report abuse