# Warehouse/Fulfillment Related

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/live/warehousefulfillment-related

Back Opening : Good Morning /Afternoon/ Evening Welcome to Ship rocket. My Name is _. How may I help you? System Check :- 1) Copy link from SPARK & paste it in new tab / Click on Internal ICRM (Ask for AWB no. in shadowfax cases) Inform seller about following :- I would like to inform you that Shiprocket Fulfillment is an e-Commerce fulfillment solution offering a platform for order fulfillment, warehousing, catalog, and inventory management. With our tech-enabled fulfillment centers across India, eCommerce brands can store products close to their customers and ship 3 times faster at lower costs. Probing :- Question :- Sir/ Ma'am, May i know for which city you are looking for warehouse / fulfillment service ? Answer :- I would like to inform you that we have 45 warehouses and Fulfillment service is available in 14 cities . Delhi, Gurugram, Jaipur, Lucknow, Ludhiana, Faridabad, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Guwahati, Mumbai, Ahmedabad and Surat. Proactive Information : You needs to have the GST number of particular state in order to store the product in shiprocket warehouse . Sir/Ma'am, if you want, I am arranging a call back for you from our fulfillment expert team for pricing and other informations & team will contact with within 24 hours . Fill the pipe drive on Spark id and confirm below details (Mandate) :- Name :- Country code :- Number :- Address :- Product category :- Plan start date for shipment :- Note:-Mail should be marked to shilpi.garg1@shiprocket.com , regarding the warehouse inventory related update and information. (looping Clients is mandatory on email) Further assistance :- Is there service related anything else I can help you with ? Closing :- Thank you for calling Ship rocket. Have a nice day Benefits Tagging