# Weight Fraud Seller List

Source: https://sites.google.com/shiprocket.com/sop-shiprocket/weight-fraud-seller-list

Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Weight Fraud Weight Fraud Seller List / update VOC 1 - Mail received for shipment disposed off, weight dispute or recharge for certain amount to dissolve weight dispute cases System Check - 1. Check AWB or Company id in the fraud list (Link mentioned below) , if visible in the sheet follow below steps, if not from the list then follow normal weight dispute cases as per SOP. 2. Inform Seller to recharge the wallet with the amount mentioned on email and after recharge, seller can send an email to " Support@shiprocket.in" or call back in contact center. 3. When Seller confirms for wallet recharge done with the advised amount, agent will check the recharge status in the passbook and the amount in Seller's wallet 4. Inform Seller to create return order and share the below address to be selected as Pick up address :- * Shiprocket Address :- Phone Number - 9560422473 Plot no- B, Khasra- 360, Sultanpur, M.G. Road, New Delhi- 110030* Case needs to be shared with TL, so that readiness can be checked of the shipment and the Assignment :- Ticket will assigned to Himanshu Thirwani Under * compliance group with flag - weight fraud VOC 2 - If seller called in contact center and informed that TAT has been breached for wallet recharge as per the email :- System Check - 1. Check AWB or Company id in the fraud list (Link mentioned below) , if visible in the sheet follow below steps, if not from the list then follow normal weight dispute cases as per SOP. Resolution :- No worries Sir/ Ma'am, I request you to make the wallet recharge of mentioned amount. You can also reply on the same email confirming that "you are doing the wallet recharge". After successful recharge, you can connect with us or can email on support@shiprocket.com before 48hrs of return order creation, so that we could send the request to concerned team for shipment readiness. Later you can create the return order and pickup address will be " Plot no- B, Khasra- 360, Sultanpur, M.G. Road, New Delhi- 110030 " Ticket will assigned to Himanshu Thirwani Under * compliance group with flag - weight fraud Email Content which are getting sent to the sellers :- We are writing to inform you of an issue with the weight of your recent in-transit shipments, which were shipped through our courier partners. Upon inspection, we noticed a significant discrepancy between the dead weight and volumetric measurements you provided and the actual weight of the shipment in transit. This has led to an increase in shipping freight from the courier side. As the correct freight has not been paid due to the mismatch in weight entered from your side, we have put the shipment on hold . We kindly request that you recharge your shipping wallet with the differential amount of < Rs.xxx > by 9:00 PM today , so that we can inform the courier partner to resume the shipment's movement towards the destination city. Failure to recharge the wallet by the deadline may cause a delay in delivery or result in the shipment being returned to Shiprocket's vicinity for further examination, incurring additional RTO charges. If no enquiry or claim is received from your side within 30 days of the shipment's RTO delivery to Shiprocket's vicinity, it will be deemed unclaimed and permanently disposed of. No claims or handover requests will be entertained by Shiprocket after the shipment has been permanently disposed of. We attempted to contact you multiple times on your registered number < mobile## > to explain the situation but were unable to reach you. Therefore, we have attached the relevant shipment information to this email for your reference. Weight Fraud Seller list link :- https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TS0VCXFRR4Qwj866GdhdwS2YUic11os7gTJXXMfVMUw/edit#gid=0 Report abuse Report abuse